6 Contributors
Nelson v. Murdock (Script) Lyrics
Matt opens his eyes. He's now covered in bandages in stitches.
MATT: Oh, God.
After he painfully removes a
FOGGY (O.S.): Wouldn't do that if I were you.
Foggy enters with a beer.
FOGGY: Then again, maybe I would. The hell do I know about Matt Murdock?
MATT: You stitched me up?
FOGGY:Nope. That was your nurse friend.
MATT:Claire?
FOGGY:You had me get a hold of her after you took a swing at me for trying to get you to the hospital.
MATT:I don't remember. Sorry.
FOGGY:She was hot, by the way. But I guess you already knew that, huh?
FOGGY:Foggy -
MATT:Just tell me one thing, Matt. Are you even really blind?
OPENING CREDITS
Flashback, college years Foggy trying to enlist in a class, but the Columbia University website is slow.
FOGGY: God damn it! Come on! Load. Load!
Someone enters the dorm room - Matt.
FOGGY: What?
MATT: Excuse me, is this room 312?
FOGGY: Yeah, who're you looking for?
MATT: Oh uh, sorry.
FOGGY: What for? You're blind, right?
MATT: Uh, yeah, so they tell me. I hope that won't be a problem.
FOGGY: Why would it? Oh! You're... You're my roomie!
MATT: Uh, Matt Murdock.
FOGGY: Foggy Nelson. Wait, Matt Murdock? Are you - You're not from Hell's Kitchen, are you?
MATT: Yeah, born and raised.
FOGGY: So am I! Yeah, I heard about you when you were a kid, what you did, saving that guy crossing the street.
MATT: Yeah, I I just did what anyone would have.
FOGGY: Bullshit. You are a hero.
MATT: I'm really not.
FOGGY:Come on! You got your peepers knocked out saving that old dude.
MATT: They didn't get knocked out.
FOGGY:Good, 'cause that would be a little freaky. But no offense.
MATT: Please, none taken. Uh - Most people dance around me like I'm made of glass. I hate that.
FOGGY: Yeah, you're just a guy, right? A really, really good-looking guy.
MATT: Oh, um...
FOGGY: I mean, girls must love that, the whole wounded, handsome duck thing. Am I right?
MATT: Right. Yeah, it's been known to happen.
FOGGY:This is gonna be awesome!
MATT:What is?
FOGGY:Me as your wingman! You're gonna open up a whole caliber of women I've only dreamed of. A lot! We're gonna be like Maverick and Goose!
MATT: Okay.
The computer beeps.
FOGGY:Oh, shit! Yes. I'm in!
MATT: In what?
FOGGY: Punjabi. I got the last spot.
MATT: You're taking Punjabi?
FOGGY: It's spoken by 130 million people. I'd like to know what they're saying.
MATT: That's the only reason?
FOGGY: Well, yeah. I mean, why else would I learn it?
MATT: I don't know, a girl, maybe?
FOGGY: See? This is what I'm talking about. Me and you Maverick and Goose, no secrets.
MATT: Goose died and he was married.
FOGGY: Details. Hey, do you know a good place to get a cup of coffee on campus?
MATT: No.
FOGGY: Well, lucky for you, I do. And it's filled with luscious coeds. Shall we?
MATT: Yeah, lead the way.



Back to the present.
FOGGY: So, you can see.
MATT: That's not - You're not - Are you even listening to what I'm saying?
FOGGY:Yeah, world on fire, I got it. But you can see, right?
MATT: Yeah, in a manner of speaking. But I -
FOGGY: No! No manner! [holds his middle finger up] How many fingers am I holding up?
MATT: One.
Foggy puts his hand down, shocked.
FOGGY: All these years, I actually felt sorry for you.
MATT: I didn't ask for that. I never - I never asked for that.
FOGGY: Yeah, I didn't ask to be lied to.  I thought we were friends.
MATT: We are.
FOGGY:You've lied to me, Matt, since the day we met.
MATT: What did you expect me to say, Foggy? "Hi, I'm Matt. I got some chemicals splashed in my eyes when I was a kid that gave me heightened senses."
FOGGY: Well, maybe not lead with that.
MATT: I didn't even tell my dad after it happened.
FOGGY: But you told that nurse, Claire.
MATT: Because I didn't have a choice. She found me in a dumpster, all right? Half dead. She didn't - She didn't tell you?
FOGGY: She wouldn't say anything about all this. She seemed nice.
MATT: She is.
FOGGY: Did you blow up those buildings? Shoot those cops?
MATT: You really even need to ask that?
FOGGY:Yeah, I think I do.
MATT: It was Fisk. It was all Fisk.
FOGGY: He did this to you?
MATT: He and Nobu.
FOGGY:Nobu?
MATT: Yeah, I think he's some kind of ninja.
FOGGY:A ninja.
MATT:I think.
FOGGY:What are you doing, Matt? You're a lawyer. You're supposed to be helping people.
MATT: I am.
FOGGY:In a mask! Do you know what they call that? A vigilante. Someone who acts outside of the law.



Matt's phone starts ringing...
PHONE: Karen. Karen. Karen. Karen. Karen.
Foggy, Foggy, Foggy.
FOGGY: She deserves to know.
MATT: You can't tell her, Foggy, please.
FOGGY:Is this what you do? When we call, trying to get you to come out for drinks? Trying to find you when bombs are going off and we're worried?
Voicemail.
MATT: You just hit ignore?
FOGGY:No.
Now Foggy's phone rings, and it's Karen.
FOGGY: It's her again.
MATT: Please, Foggy.
Foggy answers.
FOGGY: Hey.
KAREN: Hey. I tried calling Matt. Where are you guys? FOGGY: We're at his place.
KAREN: Is everything okay?
FOGGY:No, Matt was Matt was in an accident.
KAREN: Oh, my God. What happened?
FOGGY:He was in a car accident.
KAREN: Matt was driving?
FOGGY: No, he, um He got hit.
KAREN: Well, is he all right? Look, I I'm coming over.
FOGGY:No, stay at the office. We need you there.  There's nothing you can do here.
KAREN: Okay.  Foggy...
FOGGY: I got this, Karen.
KAREN: I'll call you if we need anything.
FOGGY: Thank you. [turns off] Screw you. I just lied to somebody that I care about. I want to know everything. And don't you leave a damn thing out.



In a park, Fisk approaches Gao, who is sitting on a bench. Both start speaking in Mandarin.
GAO:
I have never seen you, absent your man by your side.
FISK:
No need for a translator now.
GAO:
Or pretenses. There was a snake, in the village where I was raised who mistook an elephant as prey. It died with its jaws wide clenched around no more than the elephant's foot, betrayed by ambition.
FISK:
Am I the snake or the elephant?
GAO:
What happened to Nobu was unfortunate.
FISK:
I asked for a warrior to eliminate the Masked Man. He chose to take it upon himself.
GAO:
He is a man of pride. Something well known to you.
FISK:
What's done is done.
GAO:
And the man in the mask, you have found his body?
FISK:
No.
Yet Nobu's clan prepare his for what is to come.
GAO:
They are distracted. But their memories and their knives are forever sharp.
FISK:
Is that why you wanted to meet?  To warn me of what I already know?
GAO:
I only sought to pose a question. How long before your ambition turns to me?
FISK:
You always possessed what the others did not. My respect..
GAO:
Perhaps. Yet you are not the man who came to me with a dream for this city. He was of a singular mind. Yours now is pulled in two directions by longings of the heart.
FISK:
Is that why we're here? To discuss my private affairs?
GAO:
No. We are here to discuss your fate.
I speak your tongue now. So there is no mistaking my words. There is conflict within you.
FISK: Conflict?
GAO: Man cannot be both savior and oppressor, light and shadow. One has to be sacrificed for the other. Choose and choose wisely. Or others shall choose for you.
Ben is on the bedside of his hospitalized wife.
DORIS: Hello, gorgeous.
BEN: Hello, handsome.
He kisses her cheek.
DORIS: Mmm You're wearing that aftershave.
BEN: You remember?
DORIS:  Of course, I do. Always got me going.
BEN: I've missed you.
DORIS: They say anything?
BEN: They, um - They think you're improving.
DORIS: What are you working on?
BEN: Uh It's nothing. Just, uh outsmarted by a story.
DORIS: You'll figure it out. Always do.
BEN: There are more important things than the job right now. I should be here with you, not, uh chasing down leads, getting my ass in trouble.
DORIS: Your name is Ben Urich and you are a reporter. It's not a job. It's who you are.
BEN: I don't know. This was 20 years ago, maybe. I was more fearless then. Don't see much of that guy now.
DORIS:When we first met, you weren't fearless. You were reckless pushy. You were all about making a big splash, turning heads... You certainly turned mine. But that's not who you were always supposed to be. Experience made you more careful, wise. I don't know, Ben Urich, I think your best work is still ahead.
BEN: You keep sweet-talking I'm gonna climb in there with you.
They kiss.
BEN: Doris? Baby?
DORIS:Hello, gorgeous.
BEN: Hello, handsome.
NURSE: Ben?
BEN: I'll be right back. [gets up] Is this about the extension?
NURSE: Let's speak outside, yeah?
They talk near the door.
NURSE: I'm sorry.
BEN: How do you know you did everything?
NURSE: I did everything.
FOGGY: The hell you get all this crap?
MATT: The Internet.
FOGGY: The Internet. Thought you long-underwear types stitched these together yourselves.
MATT: I never learned how to sew.
FOGGY: But you learned how to fight. That news footage of you in the alley, after the bombings the way you were flipping around Your dad was a boxer. He didn't teach you any of that stuff, did he?
MATT: He didn't want me to fight. You know that.
FOGGY: So, how'd you get so good at it?
MATT: An old man named Stick.
FOGGY: You're shitting me.
MATT: He found me at the orphanage. Blind like me. Well, almost like me.
FOGGY: A blind old man taught you the ancient ways of martial arts. Isn't that the plot to Kung Fu?
MATT: I know how it sounds.
FOGGY: I don't think that you do.
MATT: He did more than start my training. He taught me that my blindness wasn't a disability, that sight was a distraction. He helped me understand everything I could do.
FOGGY:Define "everything."
MATT: It's hard to explain, Foggy.  My abilities - I just know things, okay?
FOGGY: No, not okay. Can you read my mind? Can you predict the future? What? What things do you just know?
MATT: I know you haven't showered since yesterday morning. But you rinsed your face in my kitchen sink. I know you had onions in your lunch two days ago. I know you're hungry and tired. And I know the more I say, the faster your heart beats.
FOGGY: You can hear a heartbeat? From across the room?
MATT: Helps to anticipate behavior. When someone's gonna attack, when they're lying.
FOGGY: That's how you knew Karen was telling the truth - when we first met her at the precinct.
MATT:- Yeah.
FOGGY: You listened to her heartbeat without her permission? We're lawyers! You can't do that! There's a system in place, and it's weird and invasive and - Wait. Are you telling me that since I've known you, any time I wasn't telling the truth, you knew? And what, you just played along?
MATT: Basically.
FOGGY: If you weren't half dead, I would kick your ass, Murdock. Am I lying about that?
MATT: No.
FOGGY:  Was anything ever real with us?
Flashback...
FOGGY: Watch out, everybody! I'm Blind Matt Murdock! Whoa!
MATT: Most - Most people just say, "Matt Murdock."
FOGGY:I look like most people?
I don't know, I can't see you.
FOGGY:Well, at the moment, that may be a blessing.
Oh, God, we should be studying.
FOGGY:You're gonna graduate summa cum laude, you can take a night off, you nerd!
Yup, you'd be -- You'd be graduating with that, too, if you took a few less nights off.
FOGGY:Point being, we are both one day gonna be fine, upstanding members of the legal profession. El grande How do you say "lawyers" in Spanish?
Lawyers? Abogados.
FOGGY:El grande avocados!
That's not Spanish, that's fruit. That's fruit.
FOGGY: It's a vegetable at best.
See, that's what you get for taking Punjabi instead of Spanish with me, - just to chase a girl.
FOGGY: What? No! I'm sorry. I'll have you know that Punjabi is the future language of the future of business. Couple years, we'll all be speaking it. And she was so hot.  She was so hot!
Yeah, say that in Punjabi.
FOGGY: [struggles to speak Punjabi] God! Shut up! Kiss my ass.
MATT: You can't speak
FOGGY:No! No, no, no, no.
Are you trying to tell me that you didn't take Spanish - to snuggle up to what's-her-name...
MATT:  What? The Greek girl? Well, I surely I would take Greek?
FOGGY: No, because she was taking Spanish. She already spoke Greek. Whatever happened to her? She was smokin'.
MATT: Man, it didn't work out.
FOGGY: When does it ever with you, buddy? How can I help you? What are you looking for, my young Padawan?
MATT: I don't know. I guess just someone I really like listening to.
- Where are those stairs?
- Stairs, here.
I would like to sit now.
FOGGY: Yes we sit! And then we forage for hamburgers and more libations!
MATT: How about just the burgers?
FOGGY:Lightweight! Hey, do you get the spins?  Can you get those if you can't see?
- Yeah, I get the spins.
- Really?
- Yeah, it's It's an equilibrium thing, it's not your eyes. Liquid in your inner ear gets disturbed, has trouble leveling off or something.
Huh.
That sucks.
I thought you might get a pass on that one.
MATT: No, it's even worse for me, I think. 'Cause my senses are so - Are... Mmm.
FOGGY: So what? Delicate?
MATT: Hmm? Yeah you could say that.
FOGGY:Hey, how old were you when you had your first drink?
MATT: Nine.
FOGGY: Nine? Lush.
MATT: My dad gave me a sip from this bottle of Scotch.
FOGGY: Go, Dad!
MATT: He didn't want my hands shaking while I stitched him up. He got cut pretty bad over his eye.
Boxing match.
FOGGY:He win?
MATT: No.
FOGGY: He'd be proud of you, buddy.
MATT: Thanks, man. All he ever wanted was for me to use my head, not my fists. Not like him.
FOGGY:My mom wanted me to be a butcher. I think she liked the idea of free ham.
MATT:Hey, they coming to graduation? Your family?
FOGGY:The whole extended brood. It's not every day a Nelson breaks from the ranks of hardware and cured meats.
MATT: Franklin Nelson for the defense, Your Honor.
FOGGY:Defense! I like that. There's money in that.
MATT: Oh, come on. Is that all you care about?
FOGGY:No No. Truth and justice and all of that.
MATT: Couple of bucks?
FOGGY: Me and you, pal.We're gonna have big, fancy offices one day, with steel and glass and chairs you don't even know how to sit in. Murdock and Nelson, attorneys at law!
MATT:Nelson and Murdock. Sounds better.
FOGGY:  You think?
MATT: Yeah, trust me. I can't see worth shit, but my hearing's spectacular.
FOGGY: Me and you, pal - We're gonna do this. We're gonna be the best damn avocados this city has ever seen.
MATT: Best damn avocados.
FOGGY:  Let's get the hell out of here, come on. You're strong.
MATT: I work out.
Hey got a minute?
Yeah.
Caldwell says you, uh, handed the fundraiser piece off to her.
I had something come up.
Going to be a problem?
I don't know. You tell me.
It's personal. You mind?
Just Just checking.
Haverson cornered me in the bathroom this morning.
This something I'm gonna wanna hear?
Maybe.
He's packing it in, the end of the month. Wants to spend quality time with his grandkids or some such bullshit. Metro could use you. It's a good section. No more running around.
BEN: I'm no editor.I'm a reporter.
Yeah, well, that's what I said.
Now, look how fancy I am.
Like a damn peacock.
Well, I'm I'm just saying be nice to keep the wheels on the wagon.
Get you a bump, better benefits.
You know, for whatever comes up.
I'll think about it.
Okay you know where to find me.
BEN: Hey. Thanks.
Just let me know next couple of days, okay?
Ben stares at his papers, and then the diagram made with cards.
KAREN: Foggy, it's me, again. Call me back. Um, it's important.
There is a shoe box atop her desk, leading Karen to go open it... before Ben comes from the other room and scares her.
KAREN: Shit!
BEN: You're out of cream.
KAREN: Uh, yeah, I know. It's, um It's on my, uh - How did you get in here?
BEN: Front door.
KAREN:You jimmied it?
BEN: Unlocked. I keep telling you, you got to be more careful.
KAREN:I am. No, I I am. I was going to call you. I was out getting lunch and I thought, "What the hell, I'll swing by the county clerk's office and see what I can find."
BEN: You gonna ask about the box?
KAREN:Is that yours?
BEN: No, yours. Go ahead. You've earned it.
Inside, there are newspaper clips.
KAREN:What the hell is this?
BEN: Everything I have on the story.
KAREN: And why are you giving it to me?
BEN: I used to be like you back in the day. Good at turning heads, getting people's attention. Pissing them off. And that's half of it. But the other half is knowing when not to.
KAREN: I thought that we were past this. Do Do I have to convince you again just how important this is?
BEN: I know how important it is, Karen. It's just not the most important. Not to me not right now.
KAREN:Well, then where is this coming from? Did something happen?
BEN: The extension didn't come through.
KAREN: Oh, Ben, I I'm sorry.
BEN: I made a few calls. This place, I can't put her in here. No. Gonna take some time off and bring her home.
KAREN: Come take a ride with me.
BEN: Where?
KAREN: There's, um There's a nursing home that I just heard about upstate. Uh, I think it might change your mind.
BEN:  Karen.
KAREN:- No, just take a ride. Come on.What could it hurt? [he slightly nods] Okay.
She grabs her purse, they leave.
LELAND: You burned him alive?
FISK:Christ. I never laid a hand on Nobu.
LELAND: So, you maneuvered that masked idiot to take him out. Same result.
FISK: I need you to speak with Gao.
LELAND: Me? The hell am I gonna say to her?
FISK:Reassure her everything is fine.
LELAND:So, you want me to lie.
FISK:Mmm, you weren't particularly fond of Nobu. You thought he was unsettling, if I recall.
LELAND:I think you're unsettling half the time. See me lighting a match?
FISK: Wesley have the car brought around. Let Vanessa know we're on our way.
LELAND: Sir. This is getting out of hand. Ever since you started seeing that woman
FISK:Leland.  You have a son, yes?
LELAND: You know I do.
FISK: Which means at some point in the past, I assume you met a woman fell in love.
LELAND: What does that have to do with this?
FISK: Everything.
LELAND: Gao is right. You've changed.
FISK: Change is inevitable for me, this city and certain relationships.
LELAND:All right. All right, I'll go speak with her.
FISK: I appreciate your support in the matter.
LELAND: Sure, why not? We're all in this together, right? What's left of us.
FOGGY: Yeah. Yeah, okay. Thanks for reaching out. [turns off] That was Brett.
MATT: What'd he say?
FOGGY:You couldn't hear, with your super whatever?
MATT: It doesn't work like that. I I have to concentrate. Focus on letting it in.
FOGGY: That junkie that killed Elena - they found him.
MATT: Good.
FOGGY:Brett says he took a dive off the roof, building he was shooting up in. They had to sponge him off the sidewalk.
MATT: No.
FOGGY: Did you do that?
MATT: I told him to turn himself in.
FOGGY: I can't hear your heartbeat. Are you telling me the truth?
MATT: I didn't kill him, Foggy. It's Fisk, covering his ass.
FOGGY:  So, you've never -- You've never gone that far?
MATT; No. But I - I wanted to, after Elena after everything Fisk had done, I I went to a warehouse I thought he'd be at. I went to kill him.
FOGGY:  It's not enough playing judge and jury? You gotta add executioner to the list?
MATT: I didn't think I had a choice.
FOGGY: What happened to all that talk about going after him through the system? Making the law work for us?
MATT: Sometimes the law isn't enough.
Flashback
As you can see in the countersuit, not only does my client Roxxon Energy Corporation categorically deny any culpability in your diagnosis, but also cites clear and actionable breach of contract regarding your decision to share details of your highly sensitive work in the Londonderry plant. And while my client is, uh sympathetic towards your condition, Roxxon must vigorously defend its patents in relation to the extraction and refinement process that you, by admission, had intimate knowledge of.
In light of this, we will be pursuing damages.
Damages?
You released sensitive information regarding...
The only person I ever told anything to was my doctor. [Matt starts hearing his heartbeat] So that he could try to figure out what was wrong with me. I didn't release anything.
Give us a minute.
In a broom closet filled with document boxes, Matt is pensive and scowling in a desk as Foggy enters.
FOGGY: Hey.
MATT: Hey.
FOGGY: I just bumped into Morales. Guess what he heard? They're gonna offer us the job. No more interning in a broom closet.We're each going to have our own office with a view of something. We did it, buddy! Glass and steel at Landman and mother-effin' Zack... Why do you have that look on your face? Oh.
MATT: What look?
FOGGY: You know what look.
MATT: I've been reading Thurgood Marshall.
FOGGY: Oh, shit, not Marshall.
MATT: "We must dissent from the indifference. We must dissent from the apathy. We must dissent from"
FOGGY: "From the fear." Yeah, I know. You've read it a million times.
MATT: You think what happened in there today was right?
FOGGY: No, Matt, I don't think it was right. But according to the law, if he did disclose trade secrets - to a third party other than his doctor
MATT: He didn't.
FOGGY: How the hell do you know?
MATT: 'Cause I I have a feeling.
FOGGY: Last time I checked, those are inadmissible.
MATT: Is this what you want to be a part of that?  Protecting corporations from people that need help?
FOGGY: It doesn't have to be like that. We get a toehold, make partner -
MATT: And then in 10, 15 years, we what? Change the system from the inside? On our way to work in our Bentleys?
FOGGY:You know how many of the other interns would kill for a real spot here? Murder us in our sleep without a second thought.
MATT: Well, then maybe those aren't the kind of people we should be working with.
Foggy gets up and goes to a box.
MATT: Foggy? What are you doing?
FOGGY: Well, I'm gonna steal as many bagels as I can fit in this box. With you as my partner, there's no telling when I'll be able to afford a real meal again.
He empties the box, while Matt laughs.
MATT: We will get by.
FOGGY: Come on, Mother Teresa, let's go save the world.
MATT: Hey.
MATT: You want to say something.
FOGGY: Really don't.
MATT:Your breathing changes when you're about to.
FOGGY: Now you're just showing off.
MATT:Say what you need to say.
Ben is driving Karen.
KAREN: Why didn't you tell me it was that serious?
BEN: Saying it means it's true. She has her good moments.  Lucid ones, you know? And she's sharp and strong. More than me. But she always was. She was always...
KAREN: I'm sorry, Ben.
BEN: Yeah.
KAREN: There's nothing worse feeling choices are made for us. There's nothing you can do, but swim in shit and hope you don't get too much in your mouth.
BEN: She'd like you. Should've taken you around to meet her, but... KAREN: Yeah. You know, we all have things we hold onto for ourselves that we don't want anyone to know.
BEN: But there's always someone who does, sooner or later.
Admissions is on another tour.
Shouldn't be too long.
- Thanks.
- Mmm-hmm.
What are we doing here? I can't afford this place.
This is a waste of time.
Let's just take a look around.
Maybe it'll be worth the drive.
FOGGY: You run around dressed like a moron, beating people up!
MATT: It's not that simple and you know it.
FOGGY: No, I don't know shit. Not about this. I mean, how Okay, so you get these whatever-you-call-thems when you're a kid. How do you go from that to what you're doing now?
MATT: When I was a kid, before the accident I'd lay awake at night listening to the sirens.  liked to put stories to them. Trying to figure out what they were for, ambulance or cops, robbery or fire. I don't know, just a stupid game. But after I lost my sight, after my abilities developed, I realized how many sirens there actually were how much this city suffered every single night.
FOGGY: You've been running around doing this since you were a kid?
MATT: No. I - I tried not to fight to make my dad proud. To - to block it out. The sirens, the pain, the fear, all strangling Hell's Kitchen. For years, I buried my head and turned away. Then one night right after we quit Landman and Zack - I heard it.
FOGGY: Heard what?
MATT: A little girl crying in her bed, in a building down the block. Her father liked to go to her room late at night when his wife was asleep.
FOGGY: Oh, Jesus.
MATT: I called Child Services like you're supposed to. But the mom, she wouldn't believe it. Said it wasn't true. And the dad, he was smart. He made sure what he did, how he did it, didn't leave a mark. The law couldn't do anything to help that little girl. But I could. I knew his routine. Waited till he was alone.
Flashback, young Matt, blindfold in his eyes, ambushes the molester on his way home and punches him.
MATT:You touch your daughter again, and I will know.
MATT: He spent the next month in a hospital, eating through a straw. And I never slept better.
FOGGY:You say all this, like one day you'd just had it with how things are. But to do what you do you had to keep training, all those years since that Stick guy, knowing you would do something like this. Maybe it isn't only about justice, Matt. Maybe it's about you having an excuse to hit someone. Maybe you just can't stop yourself.
MATT: I don't want to stop.
You're very pretty.
KAREN: Thank you.
BEN: Looks like you've got yourself an admirer.
All the people here, all the years that they've lived, there must be so many stories.
Only thing we have, everything said and done.
No buildings named after us, fancy inheritances to leave behind, just the stories those who were close to us tell to keep us alive.
Even if it's just in memory.
Well, maybe that's enough.
Hey, um, why don't we talk to somebody that actually lives here? See what it's really like.
All right, let's get a - Let's get an attendant or somebody.
- Or we could just knock. See?
- Karen.
- Come in.
She said, "Come in."
They enter. An elderly woman, Mrs. Vistain, greets them.
VISTAIN: Is it time?
KAREN: Time for what?
VISTAIN:  You know what.You bring it before I go to bed every night. [puts on glasses] Oh.  I don't know you, do I?
- Oh Uh, no.
KAREN: We uh, we just We wanted to ask you some questions.
BEN: About how you like it at Saint Benezet.
VISTAIN:  It's very nice, isn't it?
KAREN: It is.  How long have you been here?
VISTAIN:  A while now. Ever since my husband passed. Are you two married?
BEN: [giggles] No. Well, I am, but not to her.
KAREN: No, I'm single. Uh, Mrs. Vistain...
VISTAIN: Is it time?
BEN: Uh We're sorry to bother you, ma'am. We should go.
KAREN: Mrs. Vistain, um, your husband - Was that your first marriage?
VISTAIN:  Arthur? Lord, no, he was my third. Kept his name, thought it sounded like royalty. I always loved that. Martin was my second. Such a beautiful man. But confused by other men.
KAREN: Oh, um Your first marriage who was that to? VISTAIN:  He tried so hard, but he drank, you know. I didn't.Never touched a drop. Not once, no.
KAREN: And, uh did you have any children with your first husband?
BEN: Karen...
KAREN: Just let her answer. Mrs. Vistain?
VISTAIN:  He's such a good boy. Comes to see me every weekend. He's gentle, sweet. Not like his father.
KAREN: And what's his name? Your son?
VISTAIN: Wilson.
BEN: Fisk? Wilson Fisk?
VISTAIN: I haven't used that name since - It wasn't his fault. His father, he was - Wilson just wanted him to stop. It wasn't his fault, what he did.
KAREN: Mrs. Vistain, what did your son do?
Fisk talks in the charity dinner, Vanessa by his side.
FISK: There are those that question why a man such as myself, a man who treasures his privacy, would willingly subject himself to the public eye. [turns to Vanessa]  I question the man who wouldn't step forward when his city, his heart, is in such a time of need. With your help, we can ensure that everyone that was affected by the recent attacks, and all who call Hell's Kitchen their home, will see a brighter day. I thank you, and please enjoy your evening.
Applause, including by Leland and Wesley.
VANESSA: That was beautiful. [kiss]
FISK:That word is meant for only you tonight.
Fisk starts greeting his donors.
FISK: Thank you for coming. Thank you so much. Of course, thank you.  It's a pleasure to see you again.  Nice to see you. Thank you so much for the donation. It means the world to me, and to my organization. Yeah, mmm-hmm.
LELAND: I haven't been in a room with so many deep pockets since the junk bond days.
FISK: Leland, I was starting to worry.
LELAND: It's taken care of.
FISK: Appreciate it.
Yeah, great.
So, does anybody need a drink as bad as I do?
VANESSA: Yes, please.
It was a hell of a speech, Fisk. You ever think about running for office?
FISK: I'll leave that to people like you, Senator.
That's a good answer.
You, um got a minute to talk about that zoning issue?
FISK: Yes, of course. I'll be back in a minute.
I didn't vote for Senator Cherryh last election.
Thank you so much.
WESLEY: Few people did. But he still won.
He said it was because of the advice he got from Van Lunt and his crackpot astrologer, if you can believe that.
Van Lunt?
Yeah, he's the guy who owns this mausoleum. Ask me, has more to do with Cherryh having his fingers in all the right holes.
A man passes out.
LELAND: Somebody can't hold his liquor.
A woman does too.
LELAND: What the hell is this?
More people do, some foaming from the mouth.
FISK: Wesley, get the car. We need to leave now.
Vanessa drops her glass.
FISK: Vanessa!
He grabs her as she falls.
FISK: Christ! Somebody get a doctor here! Somebody get a doctor! Vanessa? Vanessa! Vanessa!
FOGGY: You're going to get yourself killed, you keep this up. You know that, right?
MATT: I can take care of myself.
FOGGY:  What about the rest of us? Me, Karen we're a part of this now, because of you. And we didn't get a say in that.
MATT: What do you think's gonna happen if I give up now, Foggy? Who's going to stop Fisk?
FOGGY: Oh, I don't know the law?
MATT: Tell that to Elena. If you could have put on a mask and prevented what happened to her - you telling me you wouldn't have?
FOGGY:  It's not fair, Matt.
MATT: We don't live in a world that's fair. We live in this one. And I'm doing everything I can to make it a better place.
FOGGY: "A better place." That kind of sounds like what Fisk keeps saying.
MATT: Don't say that. Don't twist it around.
FOGGY: You tried to kill him, Matt. You told me yourself. How is that any different than the way he solves his problems?
MATT: I made a mistake. I know that.
FOGGY: Misspelling "Hanukkah" is a mistake. Attempted murder is a little something else. You ever stop to think what would happen if you went to jail? Or worse? You really think that anyone would believe that I didn't know what you were doing? That Karen didn't know?
MATT: This city needs me in that mask, Foggy.
FOGGY: Maybe you're right. Maybe it does. But I don't. [tearing up] I only ever needed my friend. I wouldn't have kept this from you, Matt.Not from you.
MATT: You don't know that.You don't know that.
FOGGY: Yeah, I do.
Foggy leaves the room.
MATT:Foggy, wait. Foggy.
FLASHBACK, both drinking at Josie's.
FOGGY: I worry about you, it's all I'm saying.
MATT: Foggy, I'm fine.
JOSIE: Don't look fine.
FOGGY:  See, Josie's worried about you too.
- I wouldn't go that far.
- Gotta be more careful.
I know. I know.
Tripping and falling taking out the trash.
You got to get someone to do that for you.
MATT: Come on, I just need to be more careful, like you said.
FOGGY: Done! Run your feelers over this little beauty.
MATT: What is it, a napkin?
FOGGY: No, my friend, this is our future.
MATT: Huh, feels like a napkin.
FOGGY:  It's a drawing of a sign. "Nelson and Murdock, Attorneys At Law."
MATT: You, uh You really want to do this?
FOGGY: No, I'm pissing my pants. There is actual urine in my trousers. [Matt chuckles] But I trust you. You think this is what we should be doing then I'm with you. For better or worse.
MATT:  [laughing] Sounds like we're getting married.
FOGGY: This is way more important than a civil union! Come on, we're gonna be business partners. We're gonna share everything with each other. Our thoughts, our dreams, bills, crushing debt
MATT: There is no one I'd rather be doing this with, buddy. Seriously.
FOGGY: Me, too, pal. Now raise your damn glass, 'cause I'm gonna clink the hell out of it. [raises glass] Nelson and Murdock, Attorneys at Law.
MATT: Nelson and Murdock.
They toast. The napkin gets wet, and in a match cut it goes to the metal sign Foggy had made. He tosses it to the ground before leaving the office.

