5 Contributors
The Ones We Leave Behind (Script) Lyrics
Karen throws the pistol in the ocean.
She then returns home, goes to the fridge and drinks whiskey straight from the bottle. She then takes a long shower, sobbing all the way through.
As she sleeps, she awakens scared.
FISK: It's a difficult thing, isn't it? Taking a life. Feeling of the weight and responsibility of all the years the person you've murdered has lived, moments that they've cherished the dreams that they've struggled towards, gone because of you. I want you to know something. Something important that I've learned. That it gets easier the more you do it.
He grabs her by the neck, causing Karen to awaken, startled.
OPENING
Karen goes to Nelson and Murdock.
KAREN: Jesus.
- It's okay, it's just me the dick.
What are you doing here?
Last I checked, it was my office.
Yeah, yours and Matt's. Is that why you're creeping around so late, to avoid him?
Okay, first, there was no creep. You were just too whatever you were looking out the window to realize I stepped out of my office.
And have you been hitting the juice? Because you kind of smell like a distillery.
You're one to talk. I found you practically curled up under the bar at Josie's.
Fair enough. But that was the end of my night.
What happened to you after that?
Nothing.
That nothing include drinking and dancing? Or just the drinking? KAREN: Funny, you actually sound like you care.
Karen, what's going on with me and Matt, it sucks that it's bleeding over to you. It's the last thing I'd ever want to happen.
FOGGY: I know. Sorry, just, I, uh - Just had a a rough night.
- You and I should not drink.
- Yeah.
Yeah, I'm thinking about giving it up, moving on to the hard stuff.
Narcotics? Deal me in.
- You don't seem like the type.
- Yeah, I smoked a doobie once. Made me drool.
- A doobie
- Weed, pot, the Mary Jane. Whatever the kids are calling it these days.
I'm not sure that's, uh, considered hard anymore. At least, not according to Denver, anyway.
The times they are a-changin'.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, you coming back to the office?
I just needed to pick up a few things.
Wait, Foggy.
Let's not do this right now. It's not a good time.
Is it ever gonna be?
[sighs] I don't know.
That's not really an answer.
Best one I got.
Whatever's going on between you and Matt, it would be really nice not to be alone here, you know?
FOGGY: I know. What you said last night, you were right. No matter what's going on between me and Matt that doesn't change anything with Fisk. I'm gonna keep digging. You can't just run around killing people and call yourself a human being. He's gonna pay for what he's done, just like you said. Do we still have a copy of all that stuff Ben gave us, from the - the man in the mask?
Yeah, uh, I think so. What are you gonna do with it?
Honestly, I have no idea.
So, you, uh you don't think the Mask is a terrorist anymore?
I don't understand what he is. But no, I don't think he's a terrorist.
It's a start, I guess.
Look, I know things are weird. But I'm still around. You need me, just call.
- You gonna pick up this time?
- Yeah, I'll pick up. Might not seem like it, but everything's gonna be all right.
How can you be sure?
Because I have to be. Ease off the booze, stay away from the Mary Jane.
Will do.
He opens the door, Matt is there.
KAREN: Well, that wasn't awkward.
What are you doing here so late? - Or early or whatever it is?
- Um, couldn't sleep.
Lot of that going around.
KAREN: Seems like it's the only thing we still all have in common.
MATT: I'm sorry, Karen.
For which part?
All of it, pretty much.
You want coffee?
Yeah, please.
You know, he thinks he got her killed, Elena.
He didn't.
You wanna try telling him that?  Oh, right, that that would be if you two were still speaking to each other.
It's his choice.
Only if you let it be. You know, I'm starting to feel like I made a mistake coming to work here.
- Do you want to leave?
- No. This is my home. You and Foggy, you're the only good things in my life right now.
Karen, did something happen?
Yes.The world fell apart. Didn't you notice?



VANESSA:Wilson?
FISK: You - Don't speak. I'll get the doctor.
Why why am why am I here?
It was the benefit. Something was in your drink. But it was my fault.
I should have known, the way things are, that someone would try to get to me. And I'm sorry. You were caught in the middle.
VANESSA: Someone tries to kill you and you're the one apologizing?
FISK:You almost died, Vanessa, because of me, because of who I am. I made arrangements. When you're able to be moved, you'll be taken out of the country.
Are you coming with me? Then I think I'll stay where I am.
FISK: I need to keep you safe.
Is that really all you need?
I was being selfish believing that I could have this that there would be no consequences.
I knew being with you would be complicated. I made that choice.One I still make. Find who did this to us and make them understand.
Understand what?
That they could never take you away from me.
- Sir?
- Not now.
VANESSA: Go.Go.
- No, it can wait.
- I'm still here. I'm not leaving.
FISK:I'll make them suffer for what they've done.
I expect nothing less.
- Sorry, sir.
- What is it?
They've located him.
And where is he?



Sir, excuse me, stop.
I can't let you go in
Get your hands off me, moron. He called me.
Oh, shit.
Look what they did, Leland.
Look what they did to him.
What happened?
He got a call last night at the hospital.
- From who?
- I don't know. He asked for the keys to the SUV and my gun.
And you let him leave? Alone?
He ordered me to stay. He wanted as many men on you as possible.
[he headbutts]
Whoa, Wilson! - Wilson!
- He's my friend! He's my friend!
LELAND:May-maybe this isn't the best time to be beating your men to death. He - he did what he was told. I think they call that loyalty, or something.
FISK: Clean him up.
LELAND:First, the attack at the benefit, now this? Somebody's not happy.
FISK:Nobu's accounts, are they still active?
Yeah, but nothing's been touched since he went up in smoke.
- And Gao?
- You think this is her?
No, my money's on the Japanese. Maybe they found out about your little bonfire with their boss.
You can go now, Leland.
Okay. But whatever war you're thinking about starting, don't lose sight of the end game. Once Senator Cherryh has cleared the last of the zoning issues, you can tear down the rest of Hell's Kitchen and build your better tomorrow.
It's a shame not everybody'll be there to see it, but shit happens.
Find out who did this to to Vanessa and to Wesley.
I'll see what I can shake loose. Just remember, uh wind blows the hardest the closer you get to the mountaintop.
[Fisk kisses Wesley's forehead, and then takes the phone from the jacket's pocket. He sees



BEN: You like making an entrance, don't you?
- I need information.
- Yeah? Haven't heard anything about a man in a mask beating on bad guys lately. Thought maybe you'd quit on us.
MATT: I'm still here.
Somebody get a piece of you?
We went the distance, it's all that matters.
"Went the distance," huh? Sound like a boxer.
Always a reporter.
Hey, it's what I do.
Why I'm here.
Yeah, I've seen this around all over the city. Heroin, pure like you've never seen. Call it "Steel Serpent" on the streets.
The man I took that off of murdered Elena Cardenas.
Yeah, I heard about that.
He was working for Fisk. Vladimir Ranskahov, before he died, he said Fisk arranged access to the Chinese and their drugs.
- Russians got wiped out.
- I'm not interested in the Russians.
You're thinking about making a move on the triads now?
- Russians were distribution, right?
- That's what I hear.
With them out the way, there's an awful lot of money lying on the table.
You think Fisk picked up distribution?
Like I said, a lot of money. And I'm guessing tearing down Hell's Kitchen isn't cheap.
Interrupting the cash flow may slow him down. Doubt if it'll stop him.
No, but it might knock him off balance. Get him mad, maybe enough to make a mistake big enough to matter.
I got something I'm working on, might help push that bald prick over the edge.
No, I want you to keep your head down, until this is over.
My head's fine where it's at.
Oh, yeah? Vladimir's brother probably thought the same.
Point taken.
The Chinese, who's the man at the top?
Isn't one, it's a woman. Never got her name.
- Any idea where I can find her?
- If I did, it'd be on the front page.
The Russian that Blake shot in interrogation, there was a Chinese man in the back of his cab in an alley. Blind, carried a backpack.
I've seen those guys around town.
Drugs in the pack?
Little busy to check.
Would make sense. Nobody'd look at a blind man twice.
No, they wouldn't.
You said you've seen them around.
Where? 51st and 9th.
No 10th.
51st and 10th.
But that was a while back.
I'll see what I can find.
It was during the day, morning rush hour.
- Guy like you might stick out.
- I'll dress down. It's cold, you should get yourself a better coat.
How about you get yourself a better outfit, you gonna keep running around out there?
I'm working on it.
Watch your back, Ben. Fisk is an animal and we're backing him into a corner.
FOGGY:Hey, sorry. Couldn't flag a cab.
MARCI: You know that buffalo wouldn't make me a vodka martini? I had to settle for just vodka.
FOGGY:Hmm. Oh, yeah, she can be, um You gotta ask nice.
MARCI:I pay nice. That should be enough.
FOGGY:You want a martini? I'll get you a martini.
MARCI:What I want is to not be in this petri dish a second longer than I have to. Why are we meeting here?
FOGGY:I need your help.
MARCI:My help?
FOGGY:Yeah.
MARCI:That's disappointing, I thought this was a booty call.
FOGGY:You remember the tenement case, that I came to Landman and Zack about?
MARCI:Yeah, Mrs. Cardenas.
FOGGY:Thought you were gonna say "Carnitas" again.
MARCI:I'm not a complete asshole. I heard about what happened to her.
FOGGY:Yeah, but that's only half the story. Her tenement was just one building that was targeted. There's dozens of others across Hell's Kitchen, maybe hundreds.
MARCI:Targeted by who?
FOGGY: Wilson Fisk.
MARCI: Okay, I gotta go.
FOGGY: Wait, just wait a second.
MARCI:We represent Fisk. I can't talk to you about this.
FOGGY:Then don't talk, just [hands her a file] read. Five minutes, please.
MARCI: Five minutes. And only because you were actually really good the other night.
Everybody's gotta be sneaking around tonight?  What the hell are you doing?
KAREN: Why haven't you published the story about what Fisk did to his father?
- I told you, I'd think about it.
KAREN:  It needs to be out there, Ben.
Can we talk about this tomorrow?
KAREN: I think they know that we found his mother. I think they know, Ben.
Been trying to find a second source. There's a guy who knew Rigoletto back in the day, relocated to Florida. Just waiting to hear back.
KAREN: What does that have to do with - It isn't about  who he owed money to.
It's a connection. Bill Fisk owed money to Rigoletto. My source remembers anything about that, it's a piece of her story we can prove. From there ...
KAREN: There isn't going to be a "from there" if we don't do something right now.
I work for a newspaper, Karen. Not some Internet blog where the facts are whatever you make up.
KAREN: Yeah.
You said you think they might know that we went out to Saint Benezet. How?
KAREN: It's just a feeling.
Yeah, had plenty of those over the years. Sometimes they were right, sometimes not.
KAREN: No, you have to trust me on this, Ben. We need that story out there before it is too late.
Could always post it yourself on the Net. Don't need me.
KAREN: And who'll believe me when they start digging? When they find what you found, when you were looking into me.
I'll see if I can shake loose any other sources. Write up what I've got tomorrow, give it to my editor. See what happens.
KAREN: Thank you. Thank you. [hugs him]
FOGGY:That was longer than five minutes.
MARCI: Where did you get all this?
FOGGY:Some of it Matt and I turned up working the tenement case.
MARCI: And the rest of it?
FOGGY: The Devil of Hell's Kitchen.
MARCI: You're working with that prick that blew up half the city?
FOGGY:You read what's in there. He didn't do it. It was your client.
MARCI: My client has been all over the news trying to help this city.
FOGGY:So, there's nothing that's been going on at Landman and Zack? Nothing that doesn't feel right with Fisk?
MARCI: Fisk is one of our most billable clients, along with Owlsley at Silver and Brent. You know, I could lose my job just sitting here. Maybe even get disbarred.
FOGGY: You didn't answer the question. Remember what I said when I came in into Landman and Zack to discuss the case? About how you used to have a soul? That wasn't just a jab, Marci. I remember how much you cared. About the law, about what was right. Before the clothes and the expense account, and scrambling to make partner.
MARCI: You're asking me to commit career suicide.
I'm asking you to trust me. One way or another, Fisk, Owlsley, anyone connected with what they've been doing, they're gonna get what's coming to them. And there are gonna be some hard questions about how much Landman and Zack knew and when they knew it. This is your chance to get out in front of that and take your soul back.
Next morning, Matt in a street corner, listening to the surroundings. Eventually he hears  a blind person - an Asian girl. Once she enters a car in the backseat
Whoa! Whoa, watch out!
BEN:Ellison in his office?
His kid's got something at school, he'll be in later.
FISK: I know you want to stay, but it's not safe at Saint Benezet.
There are people.  They-
MARLENE: I liked it there. They brought me a piece of Zuppa every night before I went to bed.
FISK: They have Zuppa in Italy, Mother. The real kind.
I don't know any Italian. What am I gonna watch on the TV?
- Oh, we'll sort it out.
They brought a piece of Zuppa every night.
Mother, Mom.
It's such a beautiful day, isn't it? It is.
FISK: Have you thought any more about my my friend Wesley? James Wesley? We spoke about him on the phone.
MARLENE: Oh, yes, James. Such a handsome boy.
- Mmm.
Always so well dressed, polite.
He called you the other night.
He did?
When I was busy.
It was the last phone call that he - Do you remember what you talked about? Mother?
Such a beautiful day, isn't it?
KAREN:  Hey, is he back?
- No. His kid plays the cello, got a solo.Looks like there's a reception after.
KAREN:  Did you try his phone?
- Yeah, he's not picking up. Look sit tight until he gets back and I can run this past him. And keep your eyes open, okay?
KAREN: Yeah. You, too. Uh, hang on a second. Yeah, I gotta take this. It's Matt.
I'll call you when I know something.
KAREN: Hey, you coming in?
I had a rough morning. I'm gonna need the day. Listen I'm working on something. I think it might help. But until I know for sure, I need you to stay out of it. If you talk to Foggy, you tell him the same?
KAREN: Uh, yeah, I'll pass it along if I, uh, talk to him.
Uh, Karen? Everything's gonna work out I promise.
KAREN: Yeah. See you tomorrow.
ELLISON: I'm not having this conversation.
BEN: Yes, you are. You're in the middle of having it with me.
ELLISON: Heard my son play Brahms today, in front of the entire school. One of the greatest moments of my life. I read the story you handed me, the exact opposite.
BEN:This could expose Fisk.
ELLISON:All this story is gonna do is expose this paper to a lawsuit. I mean, there is no follow-up, no corroboration.
BEN:You read what his mother said about what he did when he was a kid?
ELLISON:She's a sick old lady. I mean, she probably thinks Nixon's still in office.
BEN:Run the article. It'll sell papers, it's sexy.
ELLISON:You sound like a whore.
BEN:Well, I learned how to be one from you. I get lucky sometimes, sure. Land a story that makes a difference, like Union Allied. But most of the time, now, working for this paper I might as well be wearing lipstick and a red dress.
ELLISON: Take the rest of the week. You're suspended.
BEN:Look, just take another look at it. Fisk is leaving a trail of bodies and if we don't stop it -
ELLISON: Wilson Fisk is spending millions of dollars trying to save this city.Maybe you should drop the Woodward and Bernstein, try writing a story about that.
BEN: How much is he paying you? Ever since Union Allied, I can't get a story that's about what's really happening in this city to print.
So, how much is Fisk paying you to keep it that way?
ELLISON: The reason that you can't get any of your crime pieces into the paper lately is because they're shit, Ben. Just like that one.
And I think, deep down, you know that, too. You know what, forget about the suspension. Clear out your office. I'm done trying to help you.
No, wait, wait, wait! I'm trying to help you! Wait, no, please!
Couldn't find anything on the Japanese that puts them on this.
Not that I would. Bastards are like shadows in a dark room.
Maybe all this really was that nut in the mask.
FISK:Poison and guns aren't the way he operates.
Piss a guy off enough, he'll start doing whatever it takes.
Francis.
Sir?
Double the offer on the streets.
- Keep doubling it until someone talks.
- Yes, sir.
You trust him after that beating you laid on? Wesley trusted him.
That's all that matters now.
That his? Yes? No, he's not able to come to the phone.
What do you have? Thank you.
I have to go.
Go where? We're in the middle of
MATT: All those people - You took their eyes.
- No. They blinded themselves.
Why would they do that?
Because they have faith.
In you and your drugs?
In something beyond the distractions of your world. You have taken that from them. Now, they will have nothing.
MATT: You're gonna tell me about Fisk.
Gao kicks Matt away.
He fires at the ceiling to start the sprinlers.
MATT: Get these people out of here.
FIREMAN: You're going to be okay.Come on.
As Matt tries to leave...
Police! Don't you move! Hands, let me see your hands! Hands! Slowly, slowly.
You're the guy.
The one that killed Blake and shot those cops!
MATT: I did not kill Detective Blake, or shoot those cops. Blake and Hoffman were dirty. Working for Wilson Fisk. Along with a lot of others in your precinct. I'm not the bad guy.
Then what are you?
Officer down. Call it in now.
LELAND:You're late.
GAO: Apologies, I was detained by unfortunate events.
You speak English now?
The need for illusion has passed.
That have anything to do with why you're late?
The man in the mask.
- The heroin?
- Lost in the flames.
So, bring more in.
My interest here has never been about heroin, Leland. That was borne of convenience, and it is no longer so.
Do what you want. I could honestly care less. If he finds out what we did this isn't gonna matter.
Wilson suspects?
Not yet, but that could change.
We knew the risk, and the reward, if his woman were to be removed as a distraction.
I should've just had her shot.
-Well, he still believes that the poison was meant for him,  yes?
- Far as I know.
Then our path was the correct one.
Except for the part where she's not dead, sure.
The woman is stronger than assumed.
Yeah, she's a real mule.What about Wesley?
- What about him?
- He's dead.
Found in a basement, couple holes in his chest. Thought maybe that was you.
No, he had never shown me discourtesy.
So, what's our play here?
The wheel constantly turns. We must adapt to its position, or be crushed beneath it.
What? Where the hell are you going?
I will visit my homeland and reflect upon the future.
Home? China?
It is a considerable distance farther. We shall not speak again.
LELAND: Fine, go! You think I don't have a fallback? You think I got this far without looking at my own damn tea leaves, huh? What, you think I'm gonna just
: Those for me?
BEN:Till I get a better girl.
You can't get a better girl.
BEN:Don't I know it.
Ah Mmm. Hard day?
BEN:I've had better.
You've had worse, too.Am I right?
BEN:Usually are.
I have my moments.Not many lately, but -
BEN:Let's go to Paris like we always talked about. While we're still young.
Ooh, you want to run away together? Or just run away? How long we been together?
BEN:Don't remember a time when we weren't.
Got to know that look in your eye early on. Ben, there's a story eating at you, one you know you gotta tell.
BEN:Not that simple.
Telling the truth is never simple or easy. Why, only the best of us ever really try.
BEN:Yeah. Ellison thinks it's a pile of shit.
You straighten him out.
BEN: We got into it. He let me go.
Good. You never needed that man. You never needed that paper. You only ever needed a story. Go tell it.
BEN:How? Shout it from the rooftops?
You know there's this thing called the Internet, right? Reach a whole lot of folks, huh? More than you ever could at the Bulletin.
BEN:The Internet's all gossip, noise.
So, cut through it. The world needs Ben Urich to tell the truth any way he can.
KAREN: You quit?
BEN: Not exactly the way it went.
KAREN: Oh I'm sorry.
BEN:Don't be. Bulletin's not the paper I fell in love with.Hasn't been for a long time. Just too damn stubborn to let it go.
You really think Ellison was taking money from Fisk?
BEN:Don't know. Explains a lot.
So, uh, what do we do next?
BEN:Thinking I might start a blog. Hear that's all you kids read these days.
I thought you hated that kind of shit.
BEN:Yeah, but you can reach an awful lot of people that way if you got the right story to tell.
You're gonna write about Fisk killing his father?
BEN: I'm going to write about all of it tonight. Get it out there.Fisk wants to sue me at least I know a couple decent lawyers.
This is gonna change everything, Ben.
BEN:It has to. One foot in front of the other. I'll send you the link when it's up.We'll go from there, okay? Call you in the morning.
Okay.Good night.
MATT (O,S,): Karen? Karen? You in there?
Yeah, just a minute.
I'm sorry.
We, uh, locking this now?
Seems like a good idea.
Yeah It's, uh, late. You should go home.
Matt? Is this what we are now? Three people who don't even talk to each other?
I know this guy. We were close once. He told me if I, uh I'd have to push the people that I care about away if I wanted to be effective at what I do.
Seems like you listened.
Yeah. I thought I didn't. This guy, he has a way of, uh getting in your head, you know? And here's the thing: I had a really shitty night. The kind where you think you've seen the bottom of humanity, and the pit just keeps getting deeper, you know? I I can't I can't do this alone. I can't I can't take another step.
He starts crying, Karen embraces him.
KAREN: You're not alone, Matt.You never were.
Ben arrives home. He takes a framed Bulletin cover about the Battle of New York before going to his computer.
He drinks, stares at his picture with his wife, and starts writing. Suddenly, we see Fisk is hiding behind him in the shadow.
FISK: I've made mistakes in the years since I was a boy. I try to learn from them, but it isn't always enough.
BEN: Get out of my house.
FISK: I'll leave. But first, I'd I'd like to have a conversation with you. Off the record, of course.
BEN: You think I believe anything you have to say?
FISK: Well, I I promise that I'll be honest with you, Mr. Urich. Whether you choose to believe, that's up to you.
All right. Let's hear it.
FISK: I want to apologize. I thought that your days of being relevant were past. And for thinking that, I I'm truly sorry.
Apology accepted. You know where the door is.
FISK: Oh I know you lost your position at the Bulletin.
News travels fast.
FISK: After your article on Union Allied, I took precautions. I didn't want to be surprised by any more exposés.
Figured you had somebody at the paper on your payroll.
FISK: As I said, I try to learn from my mistakes.
BEN: You're not the only one.
FISK: And do you think that rambling on the Internet will change anything?
BEN: People seek the truth no matter where they find it.
FISK: That may have been the case when you and I were young. This world around us is preoccupied with celebrity weddings and videos of cats. But complicated issues, issues that matter they take too much focus. They take too much time away from texting and the thousand channels on the satellite dish.
BEN: Guess I have more faith in humanity.
FISK: Ah. So did Christ, if I recall. I'll go. Just one more thing. Were you alone when you spoke to my mother?
BEN: Your guy at the Bulletin.
FISK: Yes, I received a call that was upsetting.Were you alone?
BEN:Yeah, I was alone.
FISK: Wesley, was that you?
BEN: Wesley?
FISK: Yes, I didn't think so. You're a man of principle, of conviction. I understand that, I even admire it. But you went after my mother. That's not something that I can forgive.
BEN: I wrote a lot of stories in my years pushing ink. You know how many times people have threatened me get me to keep my mouth shut?
FISK: But this is my mother that you brought into this, Mr.
Urich. My mother! So I am not here to threaten you. I'm here to kill you.
Fisk assaults Ben, strangling him with his own hands.

