6 Contributors
Daredevil (Script) Lyrics
As Jimmy Cliff's "Many Rivers to Cross" plays, we see Ben Urich's funeral, with Karen and Matt in attendance.
KAREN: Give me a minute, okay?
Karen goes to the weeping Doris Urich.
KAREN:  Mrs. Urich?  Um I'm Karen. Karen Page. I don't know if Ben ever...
DORIS: Karen, yes. He talked about you all the time.
KAREN: He did?
DORIS: He thought you were something else. The way you wouldn't let go until you got to the truth. He admired that. We never got around to having kids, too busy with this or that, but if we had, I think he would have wanted one like you.
KAREN: Mrs. Urich, [crying] I I think it's my fault what happened to Ben. I pushed him into a story that he didn't want...
DORIS: Ben Urich never got pushed into doing anything he didn't want to do.He was a reporter. That's what he lived for. [sobbing] And he passed doing what he loved what he had to do.
CARETAKER: We should be getting back.
DORIS: It was nice to meet you, Karen.
KAREN: Is there Is there anything that you need?  Anything at all that I...
DORIS: No. Ben's taken care of all that. He took out a policy years back when that river water story turned ugly. [sobbing]He always took care of me. Still is.
Doris is wheeled away;
FATHER: How you holding up?
MATT: Like a good Catholic boy.
FATHER:That bad, huh?
MATT: He was a good man. And he's gone because I haven't stopped what's happening to this city.
FATHER:Can't put that on yourself, Matthew. You've done everything you can. A lot you probably shouldn't have.
MATT: And here we are.
Karen approaches him,  and they leave.
Cut to them  entering  Nelson & Murdock
KAREN: He just stood there, like he was his friend. Like he had nothing to do with what happened.
MATT: I thought Ben said he didn't have any evidence Ellison was taking money from Fisk.
KAREN: No, but it makes sense. I mean, it explains Do you know what makes this worse? Foggy. Didn't even show up.
MATT: You said he left a message.
KAREN: Yeah, he left a message saying he had something more important to do than come to Ben's funeral.
MATT:Come on, he wouldn't say that.
KAREN: Yeah, well, it's what he meant.
MATT: It's my fault, Karen. All of this with Foggy.
KAREN: No, everyone shares the blame in a relationship. That's just the way that it works.
MATT: No, not always. Why don't you go home, get some rest, huh?
KAREN: I can't. Every time I close my eyes, I see - What if he finds out that I - That I was with Ben at Saint Benezet. What if he finds out that I spoke to his mother too?
MATT: If that happens, we will deal with it.
KAREN: How? I mean, the news barely mentioned what happened to Ben because Fisk pays off the media. And the police haven't arrested anyone for it because Fisk pays them off, too. Foggy was right. How do you stop someone like that, someone who has so much?
MATT: It just means he has more to lose.
KAREN: He's gonna find out what I did.
MATT: No.
KAREN:He's going to find out, and he's gonna come after me just like he came after Ben.
MATT: I told you I would keep you safe, Karen when he came after you over Union Allied. That hasn't changed. Everyone that's taken money from him, everyone that's helped him tear this city apart they're all gonna get what's coming to them along with Wilson Fisk.



Fisk eating alone in his penthouse.
VANESSA (O.S.): Wilson?
FISK: You should be in bed.
VANESSA: I was calling for you.
FISK: I'm sorry, I I didn't hear you.
She sits by him.
VANESSA:Anything interesting?
FISK: Just a transfer of funds. Wesley made the arrangements for me to get you out of the country.
VANESSA: You know I won't leave without you.
FISK: I'm not asking. I'm just reviewing them, and then I'll move the funds back.
VANESSA:Is everything all right?
FISK: It's just the numbers, I I'll have Leland take a look at them well, just to make sure.
Night, Fisk walking with Leland on the streets.
LELAND: Senator Cherryh's cleared the last of the zoning hurdles after squeezing us for another extra 10%. Bright side, you'll be able to build whatever you want on your properties now. Everyone's been paid off, everyone's on board.
But we will need to find a replacement for Gao's heroin trade. Without it, we might have some off-the-books cash flow issues down the road.
FISK: What's the word on what happened with her?
LELAND: Looks like she's in the wind. Wouldn't have expected it, but maybe she's not the ally we thought she was.
FISK: Mmm, maybe she's not. [hands a paper to Leland]
LELAND: What's this?
FISK: I asked Wesley to transfer funds for me the night before we found him.
LELAND: I thought financials was my job.
FISK: Yes, that's why I wanted you to have a look at these. There seem to be some irregularities with my accounts.
LELAND: Of course there are. I move money around all the time.
It's a shell game to keep the SEC off our backs, it's nothing.
FISK: Your hand's shaking.
LELAND: 'Cause it's freezing out here.
FISK: Then why are you sweating, Leland?
LELAND: All right, okay, Jesus. I figured you'd find out sooner or later. What's a guy gonna do?
FISK: Wesley found out, didn't he? He confronted you and you shot him.
LELAND: I have no idea what happened to Wesley. I wasn't a part of that.
FISK:  But you had something to do with the benefit, didn't you? You and Gao? She's gone, you're stealing from me.
LELAND: It's not what you think.
FISK: You tried to kill me.
LELAND: The poisonings at the benefit were just to make it look like someone was trying to get at you. But you were never the target.
FISK: Vanessa?
LELAND:  Do you blame us? Just look at what's happened since you took up with her. You've been distracted, emotional, erratic. We just wanted to nudge you back on track. But obviously that went south, so we will be parting ways and I'll be taking half your assets with me.
FISK: You think that I would let you walk away after what you've done?
LELAND: That's exactly what you're gonna do, because I have Detective Hoffman. Hoffman never left the city after he murdered his partner in the hospital. I scooped him up, squirreled him away for a rainy day. If I don't check in every 24 hours, Hoffman gets dropped off to the Feds, tells them all the shit he's been up to.
FISK: Hoffman, he's he's a frightened little worm. He would never risk going against me.
LELAND: Ten million buys a lot of courage. He thinks he's going into witness protection, get the money on the other side. Now, I know you'll get to him before he cashes in, but by then the damage will already have been done and everything you've been fighting so hard for will come tumbling down.
FISK: Yeah, but you would get caught up in that as well.
LELAND: I've spent my entire life hiding assets overseas for pricks like you. My son and I will be just another transaction, disappearing into the tax-exempt ether. But I'm a fair sort. That's why I'm only taking half your money. You go your way, I go mine. Not what I'd call win-win but it's as close as we're gonna get with this. So we on the same page?
FISK: I, uh - No I don't think we are.
Fisk punches him, and Leland tries tasing him... but Fisk quickly recovers.
FISK: You hurt her!
LELAND:  Wait, wait!
FISK: You hurt Vanessa!
He throws Leland down a ditch.
FISK: Sweep the city. Find Hoffman and put a bullet in his head.



Matt is hitting a punching back in his father's old gym. Foggy enters.
MATT:How'd you know I was here?
FOGGY: Known about your outlet for a while. I didn't say anything because I thought it had something to do with your dad. Now I know better. Thought you'd be out punching people in the head, or whatever you do.
MATT: I was. Paid Ben's editor a visit.
FOGGY: Ellison?
MATT: Yeah. Karen thinks he's working for Fisk.
FOGGY: Did he talk?
MATT: No, never got close. Wife and kid picked him up outside the office. Try it again tomorrow night.
FOGGY: Looking like you have some anger issues. Wanna talk about it?
MATT: You're not my priest, Foggy who you might have met if you'd shown up for Ben's funeral.
FOGGY: Karen upset?
MATT: I told her this was my fault all of this between you and me.
I just nodded.
FOGGY: You could tell that, right?
MATT: Yeah, I could tell.
FOGGY: I was on my way to the service and I got a call from Marci.
MATT: From Marci?
FOGGY:She's been helping me copying files from Landman and Zack on the quiet. Whole stack of documents on their dealings with Fisk, and Owlsley at Silver and Brent.
MATT: Ben is dead, Foggy, because he got dragged into this. And now you're doing the same with your ex.
FOGGY: We're being careful.
MATT: This has to stop. Fisk has to - I have to stop this before there's no one left to bury.
FOGGY: Matt! Matt! Last time you went after Fisk, I found you half dead! More than half. You go after him in the mask again, he might kill you. Or you might kill him, which would probably have the same effect on someone as Catholic as you are.
MATT: What am I supposed to do? How do I stop him?
FOGGY:By using the law, Matt. Like you told me and Karen to do.
That's how we take him down.
MATT: We? Thought Nelson and Murdock were over.
FOGGY: There's nothing I want more than to find a way back to where we were, but I don't know if we can.
MATT: No, we can't. But maybe we can find a way to move forward, Foggy.



Things are bad enough around here. Last thing I need is to be seen chumming it up with the enemy. Especially ones bringing cigars for my mom.
FOGGY: These are the good ones.
So all the other times you were buying cheap?
MATT: How are things bad? What's going on?
You hear about that warehouse fire a few days back?
- That Chinese place?
- Yeah, it turns out it was full of illegal immigrants and a shit ton of heroin.
And that guy in the mask was there.
I had a run-in with him leaving the scene.
- What happened?
- I got my ass beat.
But this guy, I mean, I don't know, what he said, it got me thinking.
- I heard he has that effect on people.
- He was working with Ben Urich.
How do you know that?
Because we were working with Ben, too, on the same story.
MATT: Where are you with the investigation? Any leads? You know I can't be talking to you about that.
FOGGY: Story Ben was working on was about Wilson Fisk.
Yeah, the man in the mask talked about him. He said half the cops in the 15th are in his pocket.
MATT: You believe him?
No, I've seen things make me wonder.
Ben found Fisk's mom. Told him some things Fisk wouldn't want out there.
And you think he killed him for it?
Does it match up with anything you can't tell us?
No, no, forensics couldn't pull a single print at the scene.
Not even Urich's. All his files and notebooks are gone, hard drives wiped clean. Fisk's mom got the same treatment. Gone, no record of her at the care facility Ben found her at.
Looking for you inside, Sarge.
- Yeah, yeah, I'll be in in a minute.
- Yeah, I'm still here.
Give me the rest of it.
I've been gone ten minutes and already they're looking for me.
Christ, I thought he was at the bottom of the river.
I'll reach out to the C.I.'s, see if anybody's got a line.
Owlsley has Hoffman stashed in the city.
We'll find the little rat shit.
Look, I gotta get back.
- Nothing else you can give us? - No, I've said too much already! And this guy isn't even listening.
- Just standing there, man.
- I'm sorry.
What were you saying? It don't matter.
The way things are going around here, I'm thinking about taking an early pension.
Move my mom somewhere warm.
FOGGY: Be a shame. The only cop on the force we know for sure is honest.
Never see Serpico?  Honest cops are usually the ones get shot in the face.
FOGGY: Another dead end.
MATT:  No, it wasn't. The cop on the phone, I had a run-in with him before in the mask.
He works for Fisk? He was talking to someone about Hoffman.
They're looking for him.
Detective Hoffman? He's alive?
MATT: From what I could tell, Owlsley has him holed up somewhere. Fisk wants him found, bad.
Hell yeah, he does. Hoffman could blow this thing wide open.
MATT: Only if we get to him first.
FOGGY: You know what doesn't make you want to gouge your eyes out? Cold cuts, Italian meats, cheeses. Why did I become a lawyer again?
MATT: To make lots of money.
FOGGY: [laughs]That didn't work out so good, did it?
Not so much. Could have had my own deli, an apron with my name on it and everything.
What?
KAREN: Oh, it's just this. It's the way it should be.
What, Foggy talking about cured meats?
KAREN: Nelson and Murdock.
FOGGY: It's a start.
Uh, you, uh, find anything?
KAREN: Well, there's thousands and thousands of pages, I - How'd Marci even get this out of Landman and Zack without anyone noticing? FOGGY: She can be very distracting.
Hmm, I bet.
MATT: Concentrate on anything pertaining to Silver and Brent. Uh, liens, development, property holdings, anything that might point to where Owlsley is holding Hoffman.
The corruption, the bombings, the cops that got shot, Hoffman knows it all.
FOGGY: He turns, it won't just bring Fisk down. It'll prove your man in the mask isn't the asshole everyone thinks he is.
KAREN: You really think he'll go against Fisk, even if we find him?
MATT: A lot of friction between Fisk and the other players he's been working with. Bombed the hell out of the Russians, the Yakuza went underground, Chinese heroin went up in flames.
Now Owlsley's making a move.
KAREN: You don't get to be the man on top without making enemies looking to tear you down. It's just something Ben told me.
MATT: He's right. You don't.
KAREN: So how'd you find out about Owlsley? You never said.
Your pal in the mask.
You saw him? Oh, my God. When? Where?
You know the alley down by
- At the alley by the, um
- Yeah. Where we used to, um...
All that matters is he he really seems like he's trying to do the right thing.
KAREN: I told you I had a feeling about him.
It could take us a week to sift through all this, and we have no idea if these records are complete.
Even if they are, it doesn't mean that Owlsley's using company funds to stash Hoffman.
Owlsley's a man of financial privilege. I never met one that used his own money when he could use someone else's.
FOGGY: I'll call Marci, see if she found anything else might help narrow the search.
KAREN: Wait, wait. All right, this is a rundown of all of Silver and Brent's real estate holdings. There's 187 just spread out across New York State.
We already looked at that.
KAREN: Well, yeah, but the same rundown dated for the next day, it lists only 186.
Silver and Brent liquidate and acquire new properties all the time.
One of them probably just sold that day.
Well, I mean, that's what I thought, but look. Look at the balance after the property disappears from the record.
FOGGY: It hasn't changed.
So, if it was sold, wouldn't that be reflected in the profit-loss? MATT: Unless someone's trying to hide the fact the property's been taken off the records altogether. No shift in profit-loss, maybe no one notices.
FOGGY: Or it could just be a clerical error.
- Where's the property?
KAREN: Uh 53rd and 10th.
FOGGY: Hell's Kitchen.
Matt puts on his jacket.
MATT:Right, stay here, keep looking through the documents in case we're wrong. I'll go to the 15th and tell Brett what we found.
KAREN: Couldn't you just call him?
MATT: Fisk might be tapping the police lines for all we know. Keep working.
FOGGY: Hey, hey, hey. You're not going to the 15th, are you?
MATT:I trust Brett, but he's just one cop. He couldn't handle it alone.
FOGGY: But you can?
MATT: I know how you feel about what I do, Foggy. This is the part where law meets reality. Either I put on the mask or we risk losing Hoffman and Fisk wins.
Fisk on his car, answers the phone.
FISK: Yes? Thank you. Send the closest team. No survivors.
All right, all right. We got subs from Marchioni's.
I thought it was pizza.
Eh, too hard to carry with the boxes. There's a, uh, chicken parm
Give it here.
- He call yet?
- No.
Still got eight minutes. Owlsley don't call by then, - we can get out of this dump.
- Yeah.
I don't know, it kinda grows on you.
You got my meatball sub?
Yeah, uh Here you go.
The cops enters, firing at everyone.
- All clear.
- Check over there.
Clear.
Hey, Carl. Been wondering where you got to.
He closes his eyes, gunshots are heard. The man in the mask is beating everyone.
MATT: You have an opportunity here, Detective. By turning evidence on Fisk, you can set things right. If that's what you want. If not, you can sit here playing with yourself until Fisk sends more men to kill you. Decide.
HOFFMAN: It won't make a difference. He owns the cops.  I'll be dead before I can testify
MATT: Not all of them. Turn yourself in to Brett Mahoney, you can trust him. And he knows a couple of lawyers that can't be bought. They can help you.
HOFFMAN: Yeah. Thanks for the tip.
Matt flips the table, Hoffman falls on his back.
MATT: I'll be following you to make sure you get to the precinct alive. Try to run, try to do anything other than what I just told you, you'll wish I never saved you from that bullet.
The 15th precinct. Hoffman enters.
HOFFMAN: I need to make a statement.
Hoffman is being recorded.
FOGGY: As we stated on the phone, our client is willing to be placed in protective custody and waive all considerations for immunity.
- In exchange for what?
MATT: Nothing. Detective Hoffman regrets his involvement in Wilson Fisk's criminal enterprise and seeks only to unburden himself in the eyes of God and the state of New York. Detective?
HOFFMAN: I've taken money, a lot of money, to do things for -  For Fisk. I'm not the only one. There's cops, lawyers, judges... [giggles] At least one senator I know of.
Start from the beginning. Names, dates, I want it all.
HOFFMAN: My partner and I were first approached by a man working for Wilson Fisk 18 months ago.
Turk Barrett is shown being chased by FBI agents. He jumps over a car, but is caught.
At the 15th Precinct, Officer Corbin and other corrupt cops are shown being escorted out in handcuffs under Brett's watch.
At the Bulletin offices, FBI agents raid the premises and apprehend Ellison's secretary Caldwell.
In a parking garage,  Parish Landman is arrested as Marci watches from the car.
Finally, Senator Cherryh is taken from his office.
- Senator!
- Senator Cherryh! Senator, how do you respond to allegations that you accepted payoffs from Wilson Fisk?
CHERRYH: I have done nothing wrong and neither no further comment.
Other prominent figures a temporary strike when they walked out of their jobs
Make the arrangements.
- Wait for my call.
- What they're saying on the news
They're coming for me, Vanessa.
VANESSA: So we have to leave now.
It's too late. There's nothing we can do - No! There's nothing that we can do to keep this from happening.
Nothing.
I need you to do something for me.
Listen very carefully.
Do you understand everything I've told you? - Yes.
- There's one more thing.
Federal Agents! We have a warrant for the arrest of Wilson Fisk.
- I don't have a lot of time.
- Open the door.
He shows an engagement ring. She takes it.
Wilson Fisk, you're under arrest for racketeering.
- You have the right to remain silent.
- I want to ask you Anything you say can be used against you in a court of law.
They kiss as the cops take her.
- Vanessa
- You have the right to an attorney.
FISK: You are my heart.
- If you cannot afford an attorney
FISK: You're everything.
- One will be provided to you.
Do you understand these rights?
- Mr. Fisk?
- Mr. Fisk? How do you respond to the allegations that you were involved with the Ranskahov brothers and that you were responsible for the bombings? Senator Cherryh has stated that he will be exonerated by the facts.
Do you feel the same? Mr. Fisk, what about your better tomorrow? Mr.
Fisk? Any kind of statement? Please, any statement whatsoever? Mr.
Fisk, can you tell us what you know about the Russians? The man once hailed as the savior of Hell's Kitchen is now believed to have been involved
Now everybody knows what kind of asshole Fisk really is.
And we are the ones that made it happen, the three of us.
- And Marci.
- And Marci, God bless her designer pumps.
KAREN: Maybe she's not that bad after all.
FOGGY: Woman does have a way of growing on you.
See, this right here in this office.
This is what's important.
FOGGY: Knowing that the people I care about are safe, and having some sense of closure for the ones we've lost. For Elena.
KAREN: For Ben.
MATT: And everyone else that son of a bitch has hurt.
- Cheers.
KAREN: Cheers.
FISK: I was thinking about a story from the Bible.
Did I tell you to open your mouth?
Let him talk. Don't mean nothin'.
FISK: I'm not a religious man but I've read bits and pieces over the years. Curiosity more than faith. But this one story - There was a man. He was traveling from Jerusalem to Jericho, when he was set upon by men of ill intent. They stripped the traveler of his clothes, they beat him, and they left him bleeding in the dirt. And a priest happened by saw the traveler. But he moved to the other side of the road and continued on.
As we hear Fisk, we see Nelson & Murdock still toasting.
FISK (VO): And then a Levite, a religious functionary, he came to the place, saw the dying traveler. But he too moved to the other side of the road, passed him by. But then came a man from Samaria, a Samaritan, a good man.
FISK: He saw the traveler bleeding in the road and he stopped to aid him without thinking of the circumstance or the difficulty it might bring him. The Samaritan tended to the traveler's wounds, applying oil and wine. And he carried him to an inn, gave him all the money he had for the owner to take care of the traveler, as the Samaritan, he continued on his journey. He did this simply because the traveler was his neighbor. He loved his city and all the people in it. I always thought that I was the Samaritan in that story. It's funny, isn't it? How even the best of men can be deceived by their true nature.
What the hell does that mean?
FISK: It means that I'm not the Samaritan. That I'm not the priest, or the Levite. That I am the ill intent who set upon the traveler on a road that he should not have been on.
Cars stop
- Go, go!
- Oh, shit! Take cover! Take cover!
-Tac One! Tac One! Requesting sitrep! How copy?
-We're taking fire! We're taking fire! Requesting backup.
REPORTER: What appears now to be some sort of firefight involving the FBI transport carrying Wilson Fisk. Uh, Janet, can you confirm what we're seeing here?
KAREN: Jesus, we were idiots, weren't we? Sitting here, celebrating, thinking that it would be that easy with a man like him.
FOGGY: Let's get out of here before they close down the streets or something.
MATT: Get her home.
FOGGY: Okay.
KAREN: No, no, where are you going? We're not leaving you.
MATT: Back to my place, make some calls, see what I can find out.
FOGGY: We'll drop you.
MATT: You live on the other side of town. I'll be all right.
FOGGY: Hang on, I'll get him a cab.
Wait, Foggy
FOGGY:  Taxi! You heard what's going on out there. You can't go up against that in your black pajamas.
MATT: I won't be.
FOGGY: Matt .
MATT: I know I haven't earned it, not yet anyway, but I'm asking you to trust me, Foggy. I know what I'm doing.
FOGGY: All right. Go be a hero. Just don't get killed doing it, okay?
CABBIE: Where you headed?
Perimeter secure. Retrieving package.
I don't know who you assholes think you are, but if you don't back away, I swear to God, I'll put a bullet in this fat son of a bitch!
The other man shoots the fed in the head.
MOLE: Let's get you out of here, sir.
Package acquired. Move! Move! Go!
FISK:If anyone tries to follow, on the ground or in the air, take them out.
The truck is closed.
Melvin's workshop, he brings a box to the man in the mask.
MELVIN: Haven't had enough time to get all of it through the process. Black parts will give the most protection. Red might deflect a knife, depending on the angle, might not.
He opens the box, and touches it.
MATT: It'll do just fine. Thank you, Melvin.
MELVIN: Betsy? She gonna be safe now from Mr. Fisk?
MATT: I made you a promise. I intend to keep it.
Matt, now wearing a red suit, seeks info in the air.
All units, be advised, do not approach subject if sighted.
Notify ESU forthwith. Repeat, do not approach.
Fisk is put in a truck labeled after a department store.
Package is en route. I say again the package is en route.
ETA 18 minutes. Prepare for extraction. Copy that.
- Sir?
FISK: Thank you. I know this has been a difficult chapter in our lives.
VANESSA: We'll be together, that's all that matters.
FISK: Now, if I'm not there by your side in 20 minutes I want you to leave.
Vanessa is next to a helicopter.
VANESSA: I'm not gonna let them take you away from me, Wilson.
FISK: If I'm not there by that time there isn't anything you can do to stop that from happening. But it won't be the end, Vanessa. It's it's just an inconvenience. Nothing will ever keep us apart.
Fifteen minutes to the drop. Repeat, 15 minutes to the drop.
The windshield is impaled by a baton, causing the driver to crash and the truck to flip. Fisk leaves the vehicle. Matt, now in full Daredevil regalia, stands up in the truck.
MATT:  You were right what you told me over the radio that night.
Not everyone deserves a happy ending.
FISK: You?
A guard opens fire. Matt takes out his batons and knocks them out.
Fisk tries to run away, but comes to a dead end. Daredevil arrives and corners his foe.
FISK: I wanted to make this city something better than it is. Something beautiful. You took that away from me! You took everything! I'm gonna kill you!
Matt puts the sticks back on their holsters.
MATT: Take your shot.
They enter a vicious and fierce fight.
Come on! Come on!
Fisk grabs one of the metal pipes nearby, forcing Daredevil to defend himself with his new Billy Club. Fisk succeeds in grabbing Daredevil in a moment of opening and began savagely beating his face repeatedly. Injured and stunned by his opponent's attacks, Daredevil was helpless when Fisk lifted him up and forcefully slammed him to the ground. Mercilessly, Fisk grabbed the Billy Club and began savagely beating Daredevil's face over and over.
FISK: This city doesn't deserve a better tomorrow. It deserves to drown in its filth! It deserves people like my father! People like you!
Daredevil summoned his resolves and managed to grabbed Fisk's arm, stopping his attacks. He strikes back with full strength, managing to put the Crime Lord on his knees.
MATT: This is my city, my family.
FISK: You really think that this will change anything? You think one man in a silly little costume will will make a difference?
Daredevil answers this question with a final punch to the face, knocking Fisk out.
Seconds later, Brett's patrol car turns into the alley.
MAHONEY: Police! Show me your hands! Do it! Show me your hands!
MATT: I told you before, Sergeant I'm not the bad guy.
MAHONEY: Holy shit, it's you.
MATT: This man was a fugitive from the law, and I stopped him. We good?
MAHONEY: Fifteen Sergeant Central. Be advised, Wilson Fisk under K, north alley four-six and ten.
Copy that.
At the rooftop, Vanessa is informed Wilson is not coming. She still puts on the ring before leaving on the chopper.
MATT: Thank you, Sergeant.
MAHONEY: Hey, so what am I supposed to call you when I file my report?
KAREN (VO): Daredevil.
Karen is seeing the Bulletin, headline "DAREDEVIL STOPS FISK".
KAREN: That's what they're calling him now. The man in the mask.
FOGGY: Daredevil? Sounds like he's gonna jump Snake River Canyon on his rocket cycle.
MATT: It kinda does, doesn't it?
KAREN: Okay, okay. I thought it was a bit goofy at first, but it kinda grows on you. And it's better than the Devil of Hell's Kitchen anyway.
MATT: Not wrong there.
KAREN: I cannot believe this is the same guy that stopped that Union Allied nut from stabbing me in my apartment. That is a serious upgrade.
FOGGY:I don't know, I think the horns are a bit much.
He has finished putting the Nelson & Murdock sign on the entrance to their building.
FOGGY: There! Done! What do you think?
KAREN: I think I'm glad I fished it out of the trash.
FOGGY: Me too.
Matt touches the letters.
MATT: Nelson and Murdock. Avocados at law.
KAREN: "Avocados"?
FOGGY: It's a long story. Which I do not have time to tell you. Promised Marci I'd help her find a new job since most of the partners at Landman and Zack are under indictment.
KAREN: Oh? You two getting back together?
FOGGY: No. I don't know. Maybe.
KAREN: Well, thank her for us. For everything she did helping bring Fisk down.
FOGGY: Fisk still needs to go to trial. Just getting a court date on a case this big could take a year.
KAREN:  That long?
MATT: He's where he belongs, that's all that matters. And we put him there.
Yeah, we did. Hell of a sign.
MATT: Now all we need are clients.
FOGGY: One day at a time, partner. One day at a time.
KAREN: Guess that means we should get back to work.
MATT: Hey, Karen.
KAREN:  Yeah.
MATT: There's been something in your voice. It's been there for a while now. I thought whatever it was, whatever's been, I thought it would get better once Fisk was put away, but it hasn't, has it?
KAREN: We put him away, yeah but it won't bring back Elena or Ben or erase what we've been through, or what we've had to do to get here.
MATT: Yeah. A lot of decisions I'd give anything to go back and change. But I can't. None of us can. It's like I told Foggy, all we can do is move forward together.
Karen nods. Matt then extends his hand for her. She grabs it.
KAREN: Come on.
Fisk is now in a cell. He takes a deep breath while staring at the wall.
We then see Daredevil in a rooftop. He hears screams, and jumps with his clubs to action.

