9 Contributors
World on Fire (Script) Lyrics
Claire is in Matt's bathroom, checking her facial injuries before entering the shower.
In the living room, as soon as Matt hears her leaving, he smiles and goes to the kitchen to fix her a meal.
CLAIRE: You cook for every girl you bring home?
MATT:Nah, just the ones that keep me alive.
CLAIRE: (sighs) You have a job or something to get to?
Or are you one of those billionaire playboys I'm always hearing about?
MATT:(Chuckles) No, I have a job.
CLAIRE: Damn, thought I'd lucked out.What do you do?
MATT: Lawyer. I have a practice, so my own boss.
CLAIRE: Lawyer by day, vigilante by night.The hell does that work? MATT: (Chuckles) Yeah, I'll let you know when I figure it out.
CLAIRE: (Groaning) Oh, shit.
MATT: You just opened one of the cuts on your back.
CLAIRE: How do you know that?
MATT:I can taste copper in the air.
CLAIRE: (Laughing) "Copper in the air."
MATT: May I?
CLAIRE: Knock yourself out, Houdini.
She inhales sharply while putting down the shirt from her back. She groans and moan as Matt touches her back, and we hear bones shifting.
MATT: The swelling's down. Rib fracture's only a hairline. I couldn't tell before.
CLAIRE: You have X-ray fingers now?
MATT: I can hear your bones shift when you breathe. No grinding means nothing's broken.
CLAIRE: What does a hairline fracture sound like?
MATT: An old ship.
CLAIRE: How do you I mean, I know that you're blind, but you see so much. How?
MATT: I guess you have to think of it as more than just five senses. I can't see, not like everyone else, but I can feel. Things like balance and direction. Micro-changes in air density, vibrations, blankets of temperature variations. Mix all that with what I hear, subtle smells. All of the fragments form a sort of impressionistic painting.
CLAIRE: Okay, but what does that look like?Like, what do you actually see?
MATT: A world on fire.



A demonstration of Matt's vision, Claire glowing as if it was a heat image.
CLAIRE: If all I saw was fire, I'd probably want to hit people, too. (Chuckling) I just wish I knew I was hitting the right ones.
MATT: Claire, they know who you are now. And they're not going to stop. I'd like you to stay here, with me just till I figure something out.
CLAIRE: That's a hell of a way to get a girl to move in.
MATT: It worked, didn't it?
CLAIRE: Hmm.
She puts down her head, Matt raises by touching her chin, and they kiss.
CLAIRE: I was wondering if you were ever gonna do that.
MATT: Well, I've been a little busy. I'll get you some clothes while I'm out.
CLAIRE: Mmm. Why don't you go to the police? With all that you have on the Russians?
MATT: I wear a mask and beat on people. Doesn't exactly mesh with police policy.
CLAIRE: (Sighs) You're going to end up in another dumpster, you try to take down the entire Russian mob yourself.
MATT: Maybe I only need to take down one man.
CLAIRE: Fisk?
MATT: Cut off the head of the snake, the body dies.
CLAIRE: How do you know he's the head of the snake if you can't find anything on him?
MATT: There was a murder in a bowling alley. A man named Prohaszka. Owned a majority in Kitchen Cabs. They were turning those over in the garage they took me to.  Right, I think Fisk hired the man that killed Prohaszka.  Everything leads back to him but no one will talk.
CLAIRE: (Clears throat) Maybe you are beating on the wrong people.
I heard a name, when they were... The prick with the baseball bat reacted when he heard it. Like a dog when you yank his leash.
MATT: What was the name?
CLAIRE: Vladimir.
Vladimir tries to call Anatoly.



VLADIMIR: (Speaking Russian) It's me again. Call me back. Shithead.
(Knocking on door) (Speaking Russian)
, when Wesley walks in, acting normally.
My employer sends his regards.
And his gratitude that his offer was accepted.
There are still a few small details we'd like to iron out before Uh, where's your brother? This is a thing I was going to ask you.
Last time I saw him, he was heading to see Mr.
- Your employer.
- (Chuckling) He practically kissed me when we agreed to terms.
He have a girl or a boy he might be celebrating with? You try his cell?
- He does not answer.
- Try again.
We need to lock this down and get distribution back to acceptable levels.
As they talk, one of Vladimir’s men comes in.
GOON: (Speaking Russian) We found him.
Anatoly's body is stretched across the table.
VLADIMIR: Where?
GOON: He was dumped in the lot around the corner.
VLADIMIR: (Sighing)
My brother. My brother. We should have returned to Moscow. Like you wanted .
Vladimir finds a black mask similar to Matt’s in Anatoly’s pocket.
VLADIMIR: (Speaking English) The man in the mask. (Speaking Russian) He sends us a message. Put every man we have on the street. Find him.And bring me his head.  with the news that Anatoly’s body has been found.
OPENING CREDITS



In a warehouse, Fisk’s allies meet while the SUV gets hosed down. Fisk arrives and tells the others that the Russians are no longer part of the organization, confessing that he killed Anatoly over a “personal matter.” In answer to the concerns of the others, Fisk states that the Russians’ share will be divided equally among the remaining parties.
Two Russians drive one of Madame Gao’s men to a building, leaving him in the car when they arrive. Matt attacks the Russians demanding information on Vladimir, but is only able to learn that they think he killed Vladimir’s brother before being interrupted by the arrival of police officers.
Anyone else wondering about this? (Chuckling) (Car approaching) Why aren't we meeting in the usual place? And what's all this? FISK: An opportunity for those willing to seize it.
(Laughing) (Speaking Mandarin) She's happy to see you.
FISK: My apologies for my absence of late.
And for calling you here on little notice.
LELAND:Where are the Smiley Twins? Sleeping off another kidnapping?
FISK:The Ranskahovs are no longer a part of this organization.
LELAND:Since when?
FISK:Since I removed Anatoly's head with my car door.
(Gao speaking Mandarin)
WESLEY: She's upset they weren't consulted.
(Nobu angrily  speaking Japanese)
WESLEY: He isn't happy either.
Deal me in on that.
What the hell happened?
FISK: (Stammers) It was a personal matter.
What? That's Vladimir isn't exactly a hug-it-out kind of guy.
FISK: The masked vigilante killed his brother.
At least that's what Vladimir believes.
FISK: It will distract him until preparations can be made.
We all knew that we would need to eliminate the Russians one day.
FISK:They were too unpredictable.
This from a guy taking heads off with a car door.
(Gao speaks Mandarin)
She wants to know how her product is going to be moved now.
FISK: For the moment, you would keep sending your deliveries to the Russians, as though nothing has changed.
And when this is all over, I'll assume their responsibility.
And move their share to your column in the ledger?
FISK: A rising tide raises all boats, Leland. Profits will be divided up equally among us. Four shares, instead of five.
(Gao speaking Mandarin)
FISK: Leland?
LELAND What, I'm going against the three of you? I like my head where it's at.
FISK: Then we're in agreement.  Nothing changes until I'm ready to move on Vladimir.
And what if he finds out the truth before that happens?
FISK: That would be unfortunate for all of us.
LELAND: (Scoffs) Masked vigilantes, crazy Russians I'm getting my stun gun out of storage.
Remember your promise to me and those I speak for.
FISK: Madame Gao, may I walk you to your car?
(he extends his arm to her)
(Speaking Mandarin)
She thinks you want something.
(she grabs the arm and goes with him)
FISK: I want to put this behind us as quickly as possible.
(One of the Singing in Mandarin)
(Speaking Russian) Shut up.
Ask him about the man in the mask.
(Speaking English) Hey. Man in black mask you know? Any of you Gao's runners know anything? I'm talking to you! Hello? (Snapping fingers) (Speaking Russian) Piotr, the guy's an idiot.
PIOTR:
Let's go.
He leaves, and then takes something in the back seat.
PIOTR: (Speaking English) Wait.
(Man resumes singing in Mandarin)
(Grunting)
(Matt is attacking the Russians. When armed goons emerge from the garage, he hides behind the taxi door, right next to the .
Huh? (Gunshots) (Groans) (Indistinct yelling)
MATT: Where's Vladimir?
PIOTR: No, please!
MATT: Vladimir! Where is he?
PIOTR: Please, I'll tell you what you want! Just don't cut my head off! MATT: What are you talking about?
PIOTR: Vladimir's brother. Everyone knows you took his head.
(Siren blares)
COP: On the ground! On the ground!
(Matt hears Piotr being taken away.) Be advised two on foot.
One en route to the 15th.
At Murdock & Nelson, Karen is struggling with a copier.
KAREN: No! Oh, my God. You don't make any sense!
FOGGY: Whoa, be nice to it. You know, for when the machines take over.
KAREN: I can't get any of this crap I bought to work.
FOGGY: Bad time to mention the phones? (Sighs) All I hear when I try to dial is a bunch of clicks. Could be the machines plotting, but I don't speak computer overlord.
KAREN:  No, it's the rats.
FOGGY:  The who what now?
KAREN: They chewed through the main line.Phone guy's working on it now. Exterminator's Monday.
FOGGY: We have rats now. I'm never sleeping here again.
MATT:Then there's an upside. Hey, you guys hear anything on the news about a Russian getting his head cut off? In Hell's Kitchen? FOGGY: This city. Bad enough you get mugged, now they chop your melon off. What's next, groping corpses?
Knocking at door. An elderly Hispanic woman, Mrs. Cardenas, arrives.
MRS. CARDENAS:Excuse. Is this, um Señor Foggy law? Bess Mahoney.
Brett's mom?
MRS. CARDENAS:Sí, she refer me. (Speaking Spanish)
KAREN: Something about cigars?
You know Spanish?
KAREN: Oh, just what I remember from high school.
Mrs. Cardenas, tell us what happened.
MRS. CARDENAS:Mi casa es rent-control.But the landlord, Señor Tully...
Armand Tully?
Sleaze bag owns buildings all over town.
MRS. CARDENAS:Sí, y señor Tully (Speaking Spanish)
KAREN: He wants to convert the apartments to condominiums. And he wants them out.
MRS. CARDENAS: (Speaking Spanish)
KAREN: Men came weeks ago. They said that they were workers.
MRS. CARDENAS:(Speaking Spanish)
KAREN: And they destroyed the apartments with a... I don't know that last word.
MATT: Sledgehammers.
FOGGY: College. You ever have a client that wants to chat in Punjabi, I'm your man.
KAREN: Um Do you want to do this?
FOGGY: No, no. I like listening to your voice.
KAREN: (Sighs) Go on, Mrs. Cardenas.
MRS. CARDENAS:There is damage, en todas partes.
KAREN: Everywhere.
(Cardenas speaking Spanish)
KAREN: They have no working sinks or pipes. They don't have water or electricity for days.
MRS. CARDENAS:We call policía. We speak to the officer.(Speaking Spanish)
The police couldn't help.
MRS. CARDENAS: Policía say, "It is a city issue." (Mrs.Cardenas continues speaking in Spanish)
KAREN: They don't know what to do.
FOGGY: This says Tully offered them 10,000 to give up their rent control and vacate the premises. Maybe we can pressure him into giving a better payout.
MRS. CARDENAS: No, Señor Foggy. We do no want money. We want to stay in our homes.
MATT: (Speaking Spanish) (Sighs) (Speaking Spanish) (Speaking Spanish)
KAREN:  This way, Mrs. Cardenas.
Karen leads her out.
FOGGY:I heard you say my name.Why'd you say my name?
MATT: I told her you're going to talk to Tully's lawyer.
FOGGY:Tully's lawyer? Do you know who reps him?
MATT:(Chuckling) Yeah, I know.
FOGGY:Landman and Zack! Landman and mother-freakin' Zack, man!
KAREN: Ooh, sounds impressive. Are they looking to hire?
MATT: Oh, you wouldn't be happy. We used to intern there.
KAREN: Oh, right.
FOGGY:And they offered us a job, a great job. Which we turned down to go off and save the world. Now they hate us.
MATT:We'll need to load for bear if we're gonna take them on. I'll hit the precinct to check for complaints against Tully.
FOGGY:I can't go to L and Z alone.They're gonna shark attack me, Matt.Look at me, I'm delicious.
MATT:Well, take Karen.
FOGGY:(Stammering) I mean, yeah, if she wants to.
KAREN: Oh sure. Never seen sharks feed up close before.
MATT:(Chuckling) Try not to splash too much. It attracts 'em.
(Karen  laughs)
FOGGY: You both are so funny.
At the precinct, Matt inquires about the complaints.
MAHONEY: Look who it is, Murdock.
MATT:Sergeant, how's your mom?
MAHONEY: Smells like a stogie.Otherwise, um...
MATT:Yeah, I keep telling Foggy not to get her cigars...
MAHONEY:...But she'd sneak 'em one way or the other. Crafty old bird.
MATT:Right, it's why I'm here. Friend of hers has a case we're looking into.
MAHONEY: You going after Tully?
MATT:Yeah, you know him?
MAHONEY: Yeah.Yeah, guy's a real scumbag.But he stays just this side of ordinance, so there's nothing we can do.
MATT:Can you pull some copies of the complaints? Maybe get me a minute or two with the officers who took them?
MAHONEY: You really think you and Foggy can help?
MATT:Yeah, we can try.
MAHONEY: Let me see what I can find.
MATT:Thank you.
[Matt overhears two detectives, Blake and Hoffman interrogating the Russian he beat up in the alleyway]
BLAKE: Now I just want you to tell me again, how did it start? We have you at the scene with a dead Chinese illegal, Pyotr, and a backpack full of drugs.
HOFFMAN: Uh-oh. I'd buy you a one-way ticket to thirty years in Assholeland.
BLAKE:  That'd give you some time to touch up on those tattoos. You boys do that to yourselves, or do you all get shirtless and poke each other?
PIOTR: Do you know who I work for?
HOFFMAN: A couple of dipshit brothers nobody gives a wank about.
BLAKE:  Bye-bye, dickhead.
[taps the table]
BLAKE:  Enjoy your next thirty.
[Blake and Hoffman get up and head for the door]
PIOTR: Wait.
[Blake turns around. Hoffman reenters the room]
PIOTR: What I give you another name?
HOFFMAN: He'd have to be big.
BLAKE:  He'd have to be King freakin' Kong.
PIOTR: He is - - - -His name... is Wilson Fisk.
[Blake and Hoffman stare at Pyotr for a few seconds. Blake walks around the table]
BLAKE:  Well, what else do you know about this guy?
PIOTR: Not much. No one is supposed to say his name. But I will tell you everything I know for deal.
BLAKE:  [laughs] "For deal."
[Blake unlocks the handcuffs securing Pyotr's right wrist to the table]
BLAKE:  [to Hoffman] Whose turn is it?
HOFFMAN: Yours.
BLAKE:  I thought I took it for that thing in the bodega.
HOFFMAN: Oh, shit, yeah.
[He closes his eyes and contorts his face, like he's anticipating being punched]
HOFFMAN: All right, wait, wait.
[Pyotr looks between the two detectives, unsure what they're doing]
HOFFMAN: OK. Come on. Come on.
[Blake suddenly punches Hoffman in the face; Hoffman falls and backs himself up against the wall]
HOFFMAN: Watch out! Jeez, he's going for my gun!
BLAKE:  Watch out!
Detective Hoffman: He's got my gun!
[Blake pulls out his pistol and points it at Pyotr]
PIOTR: [holds his hands up] No!
BLAKE:  You really shouldn't have said his name.
PIOTR: No! NO!
[Blake shoots him in the head; in the waiting area outside, Matt jumps at the sound of the shot]
(People shouting indistinctly) We got shots fired!
Foggy and Karen arrive at Landman & Zack
KAREN: (Chuckles)God! Feels like a place in a movie where you'd buy a clone or maybe a robot baby. Or the clone of a robot baby.
FOGGY: (Laughs nervously, before turning to the receptionist) I'm Foggy Nelson.I called earlier. I represent Ms. Cardenas.
WOMAN: Foggy Bear! Look at you, still playing lawyer.
FOGGY: What are you doing here?
WOMAN: Working on making partner. [extending her hand to Karen] Marci Stahl.
KAREN:Uh, Karen Page.
FOGGY:Wait, you work here, at Landman and Zack?
MARCI:Mmm, came on right after you and Murdock crashed and burned.
FOGGY: We didn't -
MARCI: Where is your sidekick? Didn't break it off with him already, did you? Fog has commitment issues.
FOGGY: I don't have... Matt is taking care of something. It was very nice to see you. We have an appointment.
MARCI: I know. It's with me.
KAREN: You're Armand Tully's lawyer?
MARCI: Just part of the team. They're all tied up with real work, so...
FOGGY: All right, let's go upstairs and...
MARCI: Oh, we'd be finished before the elevator stopped. Your client can agree to a buyout or live in squalor till she's evicted.
KAREN: Those workmen acted illegally. They busted the place up.
MARCI: They were making requested repairs.
FOGGY: Which they never finished.
MARCI: Yeah. And did Mrs.Carnitas tell you...
KAREN: Cardenas.
MARCI: Did she tell you why the workmen left before completing the repairs?
FOGGY: No, she just said ...
MARCI:They feared for their safety.
KAREN: From an old woman?
MARCI: From a criminal element.Her building is filled with junkies and drug dealers. We're doing the city a favor by trying to renovate.
FOGGY: You know that's not true.
MARCI:Yeah, because the law's always about the truth. Look, you know how this goes. It's her word versus my client's, and there's a whole backlog of these cases pending throughout the city. No one is going to help her but us. If I were you, I'd go to Mrs. Whatever today and strongly urge her to accept our offer.
FOGGY:Marci.(Sighs) Convincing my client to agree to your terms that's your job.And I'm not going to do it for you.See, you think there are only two options.These tenants take the payout and leave, or leave without taking it.But given how long they've put up with Tully's bullshit, I think you're actually afraid that Mrs. Cardenas and her neighbors will find a way to eke by. (Scoffing) - And short of physically and very illegally forcing tenants from their rent-controlled homes Armand Tully loses his condos.Your firm loses Tully.And that's very bad for business.You want me and my client to think that you're doing us a favor, that we have no leverage.When really, we have all of it.So you're gonna see us in court where I will absolutely dismantle you, from the top of your salon blowout to the bottom of your overpriced pumps.
MARCI:You would've killed it here, Foggy Bear.You never should have left.
FOGGY:You never should have signed on, Marce. You were really something, back in the day. When you had a soul.
[He and Karen walk away]
KAREN: Foggy Bear?
FOGGY:We used to date.
KAREN: You dated that?
FOGGY: Yep, let's step a little faster.
KAREN: Oh, my God.
In the SUV, Fisk and Wesley discuss the events in the precinct interrogation room, stating it was fortunate that only Detectives Blake and Hoffman, who are on Fisk’s payroll, were in the room at the time.
WESLEY: They're taking statements from Blake and Hoffman. Our contacts in IAB will make it go away.
FISK: Had there been someone else in that room with that Russian...
WESLEY:  There wasn't. It was our people.
FISK: This time.
WESLEY: Soon Vladimir won't have any comrades to whisper your name to.
FISK: Is there anything else?
WESLEY: The '75 Brunello di Montalcino. It's a personal favorite.
FISK: Thank you, Wesley.
Foggy and Karen arrive at Mrs. Cardenas’ apartment,
MRS. CARDENAS: (Speaking Spanish)
They are startled by the state of disrepair.
FOGGY: Jesus.
CARDENAS: Señor Tully fix? Sí?
FOGGY: No, not yet. But Karen and I, we're going to do what we can.
KAREN: We are?
CARDENAS: Tú?
FOGGY:Why not? My dad owned a hardware store for 12 forevers, picked up a few things. At least get the ball rolling.
KAREN: And your cousin's a drywall guy, right?
FOGGY:That he is. And Matt and I fished an electrician out of the drunk tank. Owes us a favor. We're gonna talk to your neighbors, too, okay, Mrs. Cardenas? We're gonna take care of you.
CARDENAS: Gracias! Gracias, gracias!
Outside the precinct, Det. Blake receives a text message, just a moment before being attacked by Matt.
BLAKE: Ahhh!
MATT:Scream and that arm becomes your good one. We clear?(Blake is Panting) You killed that Russian in interrogation.
BLAKE:I had no choice, he jumped my partner.(Groaning)
MATT: You lie to me and I hurt you. You killed him 'cause he said a name, Wilson Fisk.
BLAKE:I don't know what you're talking about. (Matt breaks Blake’s arm, he Groans) Okay, okay! I shot him 'cause he said a name, so what? What I hear, you like to kill Russians too. You chopped Anatoly's head off.
MATT:And now I want his brother.
BLAKE:I don't know where he is! (Matt twists his arm, he screams I swear! I swear! I swear! Please. Please.
(the heartbeat shows it's truth)
MATT: How are Fisk and the Russians connected? Why did he kill Prohaszka for them?
BLAKE: Why? You don't know? Oh, man. You really are one stupid son of a bitch, aren't you? - (Bones cracking) - (Screaming) (Cell phone vibrating)
Vanessa is entering a restaurant.
WAITER: Good evening, madam.
VANESSA: Hello.
WAITER: This way, please.
Fisk is seated in a table by the window. Oherwise the place is empty.
FISK:I didn't know if you would show.
VANESSA: Neither did I.I thought you didn't go in for grand gestures.
FISK:No, it isn't I didn't want to be interrupted again. We can go somewhere else if you like.
VANESSA: And if I just want to walk out that door by myself?
FISK:Then I would dine alone.
VANESSA: It wouldn't be the first time. I've been lied to before by men.Some were even decent ones but they still felt the need to be dishonest about things that mattered. Do you feel that need, Wilson?
FISK: I don't like to be in public. And I don't like to be questioned. But you can ask me anything, Vanessa.And I will always be honest with you.
VANESSA: Let's start with something simple. What are we drinking?
They seat.
FISK: (Chuckles) Marcel... The '75 Brunello di Montalcino.
As Vladimir bathes Anatoly’s body, one of his men brings in Turk Barrett.
TURK: (Door opens) Hey, sorry about your... Just sorry, you know? VLADIMIR: Sergei tells me you know something. Something about the man who took my brother from me.
TURK: Yeah, uh... Look, I know this guy, we did a stretch in Rikers. Getting by now at a chop shop on the edge of the Kitchen. Told me an SUV came in yesterday. Black expensive backseat all splattered with blood and brains.
VLADIMIR: This car who does it belong to?
TURK: Some big white guy bald as shit.
VLADIMIR: Fisk?
TURK: Didn't get a name, but my boy said he heard baldy say something about that guy in the black mask. Couldn't make it all out, but sounds like he and this mask dude are tight.
VLADIMIR: He works for Fisk. All this time, Fisk has been playing us planning this. (Speaking Russian) Tell the men to pull back and get ready. Guns, rifles, grenades. All of it.
All? (Yelling in Russian)
VLADIMIR: (Replying softly in Russian) All! (Speaking English) Turk, spread the word on the streets 1 million for whoever can tell me where I can find Fisk tonight.
TURK: 1 mil? Shit I'm on it!
Turk leaves. Vladimir continues the bath.
VLADIMIR: (Speaking Russian) We will honor you, my brother with the blood of war.
At the Cardenas apartment, Foggy succeeds in fixing the sink.
FOGGY: Okay, try it now.
KAREN:Okay, yeah! I admit it. I'm impressed.
FOGGY:Hot still doesn't work, but at least it's a start.
CARDENAS: (Mrs.Cardenas speaking Spanish) You, Señor Foggy, you... You stay, we eat.
FOGGY: No, Mrs. Cardenas
CARDENAS: You stay.There is no "no happen," okay? (Speaking Spanish)
FOGGY:You want to eat?
KAREN:  Be rude not to.
CARDENAS: Mi madre make this, all the time in Guatemala. Now I make para ustedes, como gracias.
FOGGY:Mrs.Cardenas, where did you make this? You don't have any gas.
CARDENAS: I cook in apartamento downstairs. Aquí, we take care for another.(Speaking Spanish) (Laughing)
Commenting on what a nice couple they make, the old woman leaves the two alone.
FOGGY:Did she just... Did she... Is this a date?
KAREN: Uh I sort of think it is, Señor Foggy.
Claire examines the phone Matt took from Det. Blake.
CLAIRE: There're no numbers in this, no contacts.
MATT: It's a burner. Like the one I use to talk to you.
CLAIRE: It was buzzing.
MATT: Did someone leave a message?
CLAIRE: Um... No, a text.
MATT: What's it say?
CLAIRE: It's a list of locations.Four of them.47th and 12th.48th and 9th.42nd and 10th.44th and 11th.
MATT: 44th and 11th?
CLAIRE:  Yeah.
MATT: Troika Restaurant.
CLAIRE: Where they were holding that boy?
MATT: These addresses, they're listing where the Russians are.
CLAIRE:  The hell did you get this?
MATT: Cop.
CLAIRE: I said go to the police, I didn't mean...
MATT: Nah, he was working for Fisk. Killed a Russian for him, right inside the precinct. Then later he gets that list of addresses.I'm betting I'll find Vladimir at one of them.
CLAIRE: Matt, wait, just... What are you going to do?
MATT: Whatever it takes.
CLAIRE: You know how that sounds, right? Um, when we were on that roof you told that Russian that you hurt people because you enjoy it.
MATT: And you said you didn't believe that.
CLAIRE: I can't believe that.Because if I do, that means you're not the man that I believe you to be.
MATT: I need to be the man this city needs.
CLAIRE: Hey, that's not a reason, it's an excuse.
MATT: What do you want me to do, Claire? Let them tear Hell's Kitchen apart? Let them win?
CLAIRE: What you do is important to so many people.
MATT: I get that.
CLAIRE: I just don't think I can let myself fall in love with someone who's so damn close to becoming what he hates.
MATT: You're right you shouldn't.
Fisk and Vanessa in the restaurant.
FISK:A prince?
VANESSA: I didn't know he was one at first. He saw me at an exhibition.
I was the curator and traveling with it and all of a sudden this tall man in a white suit and an ascot.
FISK:An ascot? That's a bit much.
VANESSA: That's what I was thinking.
He sidles up to me I love that word, "sidle." (Chuckles) and he says, "You are more beautiful than any painting here." I knew it was a line, but it worked.I slept with him. Does that shock you?
FISK:You're a very attractive woman. I assumed you've had lovers.
VANESSA: That's not what I asked.
FISK:No, it didn't shock me.
VANESSA: Then why'd you look away?
FISK:Because I wish I had said something like that to you when we first met.
VANESSA: I'm glad you didn't. This wine's even better than the last one. Did you pick it?
FISK:I've never had it. My assistant. I said I'd be honest.
VANESSA: You did.
FISK:Wesley's more than an assistant he's my friend.
VANESSA: So you do have those. Yet the man says he was lonely when he looked at my painting.
FISK:My painting.
VANESSA: Yes. Thank you. So why does a man like you feel alone?
FISK:Nature of my business, I suppose.
VANESSA: And what kind of business is that?
FISK:Rebuilding this city. I want to carve something beautiful out of its ugliness set free its potential.
VANESSA: You sound like an artist.
FISK:I'm just a man with a dream. What do you think an artist is?
VANESSA: Are those the only ones you have? You were wearing them last time.
FISK:They were my father's. I wear them every day to remember him.
VANESSA: Did he pass?
FISK:When I was a boy.May I ask you something now?
VANESSA: I'd say you've earned it.
FISK:What kind of gun is that you have in your purse?
VANESSA: It's a .22.
FISK:Did you think you would need that tonight?
VANESSA: We've been sitting here talking for hours and you're going to insult me like I have no idea what you really do?
FISK:What I said about what I want for this city is the truth.But money and influence is not enough to usher change on such a scale.Sometimes it requires force.
VANESSA: I know you're a dangerous man. That's why I brought a gun to a dinner date.
FISK:Would you like to leave?
VANESSA: No I'd like a reason to stay.
FISK:I've done things that I'm not proud of, Vanessa. I've hurt people and I'm going to hurt more. It's impossible to avoid for what I'm trying to do.But I take no pleasure in it in cruelty. But this city isn't a caterpillar. It doesn't spin a cocoon and wake up a butterfly.A city crumbles and fades. It needs to die before it can be reborn.
VANESSA: So I don't need the gun?
FISK:No, by my side is the safest place that you could ever be.
She takes out the gun from her purse and hands it to Fisk. He smiles as he puts it in his jacket. In the background, Marcel is on the phone;
One of Vladimir’s men reports that they have a location on Fisk, while Matt listens from the roof above them.
(Inaudible) (Speaking Russian) Vladimir. Turk just got a call.
We know where Fisk is.
VLADIMIR: (Speaking Russian) Tell the men and no one touches Fisk.
He is mine.
FOGGY:And Matt bangs his cane around and says, "Am I in the right room?"
(Both chuckling)
KAREN: Where did you put his furniture?
FOGGY: Dorm room across the hall.
KAREN: Oh, God! Oh, I really wish I knew you guys back then.
FOGGY: Much better off knowing us now.We have our own practice.I'm a hell of a lot more dashing than I was in my awkward college days.
KAREN: Oh, yeah? Well, I'm going to need photographic proof of that, counselor.
FOGGY: I have dug myself another hole, haven't I?
KAREN: Well, it's been about five minutes.  You were due.
FOGGY: Yeah. Yeah, I see that.
KAREN:  (Chuckles) You know, there's something I gotta know.It's killing me.
FOGGY: No, I do not kiss on the first date. Sorry, not gonna happen.
KAREN: No! No.What's the deal with the meat grinder in the pencil skirt? No, she just... She doesn't seem like your type.
FOGGY: Marci?
KAREN:  Yeah.
FOGGY: (Sighing heavily) She was different back when I knew her. Or maybe she wasn't, I don't know. Matt's always getting involved with the wrong girl, so maybe he just rubbed off on me.
KAREN: Huh. Matt dates a lot?
FOGGY: Date? (Scoffs) I wouldn't exactly call it that. He hasn't really been with anyone for more than a month or two.
KAREN: Hmm.
FOGGY: It's kind of sad. On the plus side, he gets to touch a lot of pretty girls on their faces. Um, that's, you know, how he tells what people look like. Or at least that's what he tells the ladies. Although, he always seems to know which ones are hot before he puts his grubby little mitts on them.(Chuckling)
It's a real gift. He's like a sexual Rain Man.
KAREN: Does he know what you look like?
FOGGY: He's got a rough idea. I only ever let him put his hands on my face once, 'cause weird. (Chuckles) Are you gonna finish that? No, no.
KAREN:You ever tell him what I look like? (Chuckles)
FOGGY:No, he doesn't need me to tell him. He's probably got a picture of you in his head. I don't like to mess with those.
KAREN: Oh... Hey, Foggy. I want you to touch my face.
FOGGY: Um, but I can see you, so...
KAREN: No, I... No, I know.I just, um I want to know how someone who's blind would see me.
FOGGY: Look, you do me then, then I'll do you.
KAREN: (chuckles) Yeah, okay.
One of Madame Gao’s blind workers arrives at a Russian stronghold.
CHINESE: Delivery.
As soon as he goes in, Matt attacks the guards.
Gao.
(Speaking Russian) (Overlapping chatter in Russian) (Speaking Russian) The men are ready at the other locations? They're waiting for the call.
Make it.
We expecting another delivery from Gao?
Inside the Chinese man reveals that he is actually carrying a bomb, and detonates it. Outside, Matt has just enough time to get the Russian guard between himself and the building before it explodes. but is still knocked out.
KAREN: You have to close your eyes.
FOGGY: Right.
KAREN: Just tell me what you feel.
Foggy and Karen’s dinner is interrupted by the windows of the apartment shattering from the force of an explosion. They fall on the floor.
FOGGY: Jesus, are you okay?
KAREN: (Coughing) Foggy
Mrs. Cardenas emerges from the other room, bleeding, crying that the sky is falling as another explosion rocks the building. (Mrs.
Cardenas moaning) (Speaking Spanish)
KAREN:We have to stop the bleeding.
- (Exploding) What is happening?
FOGGY: Stay with her.
KAREN: Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Where are you going?
FOGGY: See if anyone else needs help. I'll be right back.
KAREN: Foggy... (Explosions rumbling)
From the restaurant windows, Vanessa and Fisk see that there are four locations now on fire.
VANESSA: Oh, my God. Wilson?
FISK: Did you read about the boy who watched his father being pulled from their car and beaten, before the boy was taken? The men that did that, they will no longer infect this city.
VANESSA: Good.
(Sirens wailing)
FISK: We should call it a night. I need to get you home before the roads close. Marcel?
MARCEL: Your car is ready, sir.
FISK:Yes, just one more thing... I want to give you this. [hands him an envelope] Thank you for everything you've done for me this evening. For making this call for me, especially.
MARCEL: A pleasure as always, sir.
Fisk extends his hand to Vanessa, she takes it, they leave.
Matt comes to as Vladimir and one of his men emerge, both injured, from the building.
(Coughing) (Sergei) Vladimir! Vladimir! Vladimir!
(Speaking Russian) We must go! Quickly.
Turk is counting money in a car.
TURK: (chuckling) Never liked those borscht eatin' bastards.
Paid shit for shit work. Although, Vlady did offer a cool mil to give up your boy.
WESLEY: You're alive which means you made the right decision. Your conversation with Vladimir caused him to react predictably.
My employer is grateful for that.
TURK: Hey, happy to help. But why all that with plantin' the mask? Why not just blow 'em up from the start, if that's what you were gonna do?
WESLEY: It takes time to arrange something like this, and help from friends. We needed to keep Vladimir off balance until everything was in place.
TURK: (Chuckling) Right. Got mad respect for a smart move. You need anything else, you know where to find me.
WESLEY: Hmm.
They shake hands, and Turk leaves.
In the warehouse, the Russians cough.
SERGEI: (Sergei speaking Russian) You are hurt.
VLADIMIR: I will live. And see Fisk and his masked dog pay for what they did.
(Grunts) (Groaning)
Matt attacks, quickly knocking out the henchmen and concentrating on Vladimir, beating him viciously.
MATT: This one's for Claire.
He is not quite done when police officers arrive.
(Cop 1) Hands in the air! Raise those hands!
(Cop 2) Don't move! Raise 'em! Hands in the air, now! (Indistinct radio chatter) (Cop 1) Check the two on the ground.
Suspect is in custody.
(Cop 2) On the ground now, you son of a bitch.
(Panting)

